['High power as promised!', 'Horrible', 'USB Port', 'Works great', 'it works', 'I like the fact they light up.', 'Works great', 'Works great', "This doesn't work with my iPad.", 'Solid Charger but RF noisy', 'Two Stars', 'Ok', 'USB slots in a blue light that never quits', 'good', "don't waste your money, pay more and buy one at Walgreen s.", 'charger', 'good job', 'Works for a while.', 'good', 'Works great. Very inexpensive', 'Five Stars', 'Dual USB Port Car Charger', 'not high power', 'works', 'USB Outlet', 'Good little charger', 'Works Fine, But It Died On ME', 'Great Dual Charger', 'Be careful', 'A must have for people on the go', 'Works best without location/GPS on device', 'Works', 'Pretty good', 'Great DC Charger, Works Great, $2 Value', 'good product at low price', 'Works as advertised']
[5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0]
['I have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.I checked the charging current.This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.Griffin was charging with 40 ma! And the griffin was 4 times more expensive.I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.No idea how long they last. I assume they will work fine. I have not been using them much. I did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. This passed and I stocked up.', 'It worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely.. so basically a small waste of money.', 'I love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod. Who wants to be putting too many things in one socket.  Sleek and convenient to store and I just love it.', 'just what you need, I am always having to charge my phone and then find I have another item to charge also.', 'does not have the need amps to charge things like ipads, or hp touchpads. but its super small and compact.', "They are nothing special for sure, but it's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it.  able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice.", 'I have several chargers. Have more than one vehicle so I keep more than one of these in each. Nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working, and you have no way to recharge your phone. That is always when you need it most.  This one works well for any of my products.', 'I bought this a little skeptical. After I tried it I bought two more. It works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months. If that changes I will update this review.', "I am disappointed that the 1A didn't work with my iPad.  That's what I get for buying a cheap adapter.", 'This is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in China.  When it is charging the phone, the car radio gets LOTS of static.  Not so much that I have to stop charging but like when you are near power lines and the radio station is far away.So, no RF shielding.I gave it 4 stars because it works fine for me, but if you listen to the radio, you might consider it is more like 2 or 3 stars.', 'After a week only one side works', 'Yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion. And the item is just as described. Great buy if you ask me', "This is a terribly awesome product in my Subaru's console.  Passengers love it, I love it because it emits a blue glow, because it has held up to abuse over the years and performs like new.", "I've bough a munch of different things like this over the years. Most wouldn't stay in the jack, or would give out after a few days. This one is GREAT!", "Only works one side at a time. When you connect two cables, one side stop working and also overheated burning the fuses. I purchased two of them and it's the same problem. Cheap and bad quality.", 'it works great i like i can charge two thing at the same now i dont have to wait for my to finish charging her phone', 'It came at last, good looking and the price was good and i believe it is worth the time I waited for it to come to me good job', "Didn't last very long. Worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so I shouldn't have expected it to last.", 'excellent product, works great , have easy handling, and good quality as it is announced. reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything', 'Purchased two and we put one in each car. Now we charge our ipad and iohone together. Can also use to power my Galaxy Note 2 or recharge other USB devices. If you have to think about it you need counseling', "great charger for 2 devices and i haven't had any problems so far 3yrs now", 'Purchased product about many a month ago. Pros: Loved it work just fine!! Cool Blue light feature when you plug it into the lighter!! Can plug in two things at one time....Con: Top clear piece came off easily overtime (I just put clear tape around the top) TOTAL: PROS:95% CONS:5%', 'I bought this so that I could use and charge my Tab at the same time. My tab does not recognize the high power port and will either charge while off or use power while on, it will not charge while powered on.', "I bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car. works for iphone but not the tablet. I needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together. it's cheap, small and compact", 'Works great. The blue led light is a nice touch in the car. We charge a Samsung and Iphone using this outlet. Nice low profile too.', 'works great and charges ipads, tablets, smartphones as well as bluetooth speakers and headsets. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a universal car charger.', "I could only give this USB car charger 2 stars because although it worked fine for about 3 months, it subsequently died on me.Pros:-Has 2 USB ports for charging, one (the top) is 2.1 amps.  The bottom slot is lower, presumably 1 or 1.5 amps.-Fits well in my charging socket - holds tight.  I've had some that were loose in my charging socket.-Works well to charge my iPhone in the top slot and the bottom slot works with most Android phones, except the very high end ones.-Has a blue LED light to tell you it is on and ready to charge.-The USB sockets seem to be well made and tightly fit all my cables.-Pretty solid construction.-It cost less than $2.Cons:-It died on me after 3 months.I had really enjoyed using this USB charger.  It rapidly charged my iPhone and worked well with charging the phones of my family and friends.  The two slot design makes this design very handy; with a 1 slot design, no one else can charge their device unless I remove my cord.  Of course, after this charger died, I had to go back to the 1 slot design I was using before.After 3 months, I began to notice the LED light flickering.  It was less than a week later that is quit working permanently.  I'm not sure what the problem was - faulty wiring, bad design, I guess I'll never know.  I thought about getting another since they are so cheap, but then I thought better of it.  Maybe they are so cheap because they are simply disposable after a short period of time.For whatever reason, it died and I was forced to look for another 2 slot design - I haven't found one in my price range yet.", 'This charger works great and is short, unlike most chargers. It does a great job with charging both my phone and my GPS when I am in the car.  Great value and easy on the wallet.', 'I bought 2 of this and tried to test first ... after few minutes of charging, it felt hot. Pulled it out and the product smelled burnt. Tried the other one too and same thing. Be careful... this one could be fire hazard or could potentially destroy the electrical system', 'This portable USB Port car charger is a must have for people on the go.  Pair this with an extra or spare cord and you are good to go!', 'I love the way it can charge 2 devices at once!  Seems to charge quicker without GPS on, with it on, it only holds the battery, but better than it dying!!!', 'Bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port.  Works.', 'I received this product before I expected. It looks pretty good and It works with my Iphone (3GS) and my phone (HTC Evo V 3D). It is a good deal because It is not easy to find something like this for this price', "I have several of these, from various retailers, all the same, each made in some anonymous Chinese factory, all exactly alike.They're great. They really do work, and they do deliver 2.1 and 1.0 power as they say they will do. They do the job.You wouldn't expect much QC for a $2 electrical product, but they each work just fine.They don't last forever-- about a year or two of active daily use seems about par, then they suddenly die. So do have some replacements on hand. At this price, no problem.Yes, they work with both my iPhone and iPad. Also with every other USB device I've needed to charge.The LED light that indicates you are plugged in correctly is very helpful.These are great for rental cars and travel. If you leave one behind, hey, it's only $2.I'm totally pleased with these clever little gems. No complaints. I wouldn't be without a couple, especially for travel.Hope this is helpful. Happy trails, all.", 'good product at low price.purchased this looking for a smaller charger and I love Griffin products.Free shipping just took a little longer', 'I use this in my car to charge my phone and my iPod as needed. It works well, but the bright blue light can be annoying when driving at night. Overall, a very good deal.']