['Awesome', 'Snug!', 'fits well', 'Great Product', 'A Perfect Fit!', 'Great protection', 'Excellent case, just a few small issues', 'Not Quite Right', 'DIZTRONIC CASE FOR HTC 8X PHONE', 'whoa perfect fit.', 'A very good product']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Great case, would recommend it to anyone. It fits the phone perfectly and also fits very tight. Seriously, but this case.', "This case is almost as gorgeous as the phone itself. Be warned: it's a VERY tight fit and I actually had to use some leverage to get mine on.The case itself is a nicely textured matte finish that has some grip quality to it. Very nice to handle and feels great.I always buy Diztronic due to their great quality and awesome price!", "it fits. without losing shape over a year now so its doing is job. and it's small so it doesn't add much bulk. grippy too.kind of hard to get on the phone but that can bee a good thing.", 'This is a well made case, good fit and finish.  My only criticism is that a screen protector lifts off at the corners because of the fit of the case at that point.  This can be overcome by clipping the corners of the screen protectors.', 'I am sure you love your HTC 8X! Now you must be wondering which case is best for it. There are several good options: Otterbox, Incipio, and Diztrnoic cases. I have Incipio already (HT-316 Dual Pro) and I love it a lot. I also know that Otterbox makes great cases as well. But these are somewhat pricey. So what is a happy medium? Diztronic case for your HTC 8X.1. The case is made out of TPU - stronger than silicon while flexible, and more shock absorbent than Polycarbonate plastics. This is very strong and sturdy case. TPU is also known for oil resistant. All in all, TPU is a great material for your phone.2. The case is slim, thin, and light. My Incipio case is great, but because it has two layers of protection(silicon lining inside and polycarbonate shell outside), it is somewhat bulkier and heavier than Diztronic case. You could feel the difference when you hold your phone.3. The case is tight fit. Other reviewers have said it is difficult to put on (this is so, because of the material and for great fit with the phone). Because it is a tight fit, the phone and the case feel like one object!4. The case is easy to handle. My Incipio case is somewhat slippery, but Diztronic case is not, yet easy to take it out from your pocket.5. All the buttons are well covered - except for the power button. All ports are easily accessible as well.So if you are looking for a great case with a great price, then Diztronic case is your best bet! I love mine! Highly, highly recommended!', 'I was looking for a case for the new HTC Windows Phone 8X.  I did not want something that would make the phone huge as I tend to carry the phone mostly in a shirt pocket.  This one fit the bill and has worked excellently. The case has a good feel and grip to it. The holes for the various parts of the phone are perfectly aligned.  While I have to push harder on the volume rocker switch, I find that a plus as it is difficult to accidently get pushed. The cutout for the on/off button is also convenient as it helps find it easily yet it also protects the button.', "Can't say anything bad about this case, but I definitely would have preferred a larger opening for headphones and a covered power button (to make pushing the bare button easier).  Other than that, a very tight well fitting case that I can recommend to anyone.  Just be ready with a slim headphone plug adapter (like the ones sold during the original iPhone 2G times).", 'I was looking for a minimal case and I found this case to be too bulky.  I was really wanting a case that looked like it was part of the phone since the HTC 8X is so sleek.  Ultimately, I ended up liking the HTC Doubleshot case.', 'The case appears to be made well and was what I was looking for- to be just a slim cover.  Tight fit with no chance of falling off. Good price, good case.', 'Well, its a perfect sleek fit and looks like it will save my phone for accidental drops.  now its a little slippery on the back.  do you think if i use some sand paper and roughen it up it will have more stick?  anyway, its a great case.', 'This case is a perfect fit for the HTC 8X. It is very comfortable in the hand and adds a nice sophistication to the phone while protecting it.']