['I love this Phone best Android ever.', 'HTC-PLS add a physical home button !!!!!!', 'Great phone', 'Great Phone', 'Wonderful Premium Smartphone', 'Great Phone, best yet', "The best HTC phone I've ever had", 'MY REVIEW AFTER NEARLY TWO MONTHS OF USE..', 'Very Happy With This HTC DNA!', 'HTC Droid DNA', 'Amazing phone!!!', 'Droid', 'What an upgrade !', 'Great Phone but if you need bluetooth look elswhere', 'So Far So Good!', 'Great choice!', 'Great Phone With Stunning Display']
[5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Previously I had a Motorola Droid X 3g, which I upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S3 (Worse phone I ever owned). The HTC DNA is the BEST android I have had thus far.PROS-I like my power button on top to each his own.-Love the physical volume buttons-Verizon 4G is amazingly fast on the DNA, I used it as a mobile Hotspot in Vegas no connection issues and speed was great even with multiple users.-The screen is INCREDIBLE!! I run Netflix streaming over 4G In Full HD and the 1920x1080 screen is brilliant.-Speed everything you click on is fast, unlike older droids I have had there is no lag.CONS--Battery Replacement I wish it was removeable-No Expandable memory-Lacks Adobe Flash so far I havent encountered any issues with thisThe memory I do not need currently and I can live without it but I can see if your trying to carry a ton of stuff around with you where it would come in handy.Overall - To me this is the best Android phone ever made and far exceeds the Samsung Galaxy or IPhone. I love it.', 'Well, all the reviews are true. This phone is without a doubt the best smart phone on the market, when it is on.HTC sense widgets are the best. HTC should offer them on the Play Market. I would definitely pay for them.I am truly going to miss this phone after I return to Verizon.Without a physical home button on the front off the phone the only choice u have to wake is contort your fingers to the top off the phone then try to juggle it back toside the unlock screen slider. To achieve this feat in a reasonable time is impossible without dropping the phone.I am completely befuddled that more reviewers have not been dismayed by this terrible design !!This design failure is a complete deal breaker.', 'Summary: Other than the newly announced Samsung Galaxy S4 and LG Optimus G Pro, it is the best phone out there.  It would be better with a bigger/replaceable battery and SD Card option and MHL 2.0, but for 50 bucks.  What a deal.-Likes:Size: In short, it is NOT too big to put up to your face or to keep on your belt 100% of the time or to use one handed.  It really does feel like a phone and not a phablet.  Compared to my old Thunderbolt, the DNA is thinner, about the same width and about 1/2 inch longer.  It weighs exactly the same as my Thunderbolt after you remove the battery and back cover.Appearance:  It is a very nice looking phone.  No one who has held it has thought it was too big or too heavy or cheap or boring or whatever.  It feels good in your hand.Speed:  There is remarkably little hesitation in responding to my requests.  Apps downloaded and installed much faster than my HTC Thunderbolt.  Emails with graphics load astonishingly fast.  Four core is the way to go.  I quickly get frustrated with the speed of my old phone now.  The phone is not any slower, my expectations are now that much higher.Phone quality:  It has the best speaker and microphone for making phone calls of any phone I have owned yet.  Better than using my $100 bluetooth headset (which was not true of my previous phone)MHL: They do not mention MHL and I suspect part of the reason is that they use the old MHL 1.0 not the newer MHL 2.0, and as a result, a 1080 screen has issues.Also, since it is the 5pin not 11pin configuration that Samsung is now using, you cannot use MHL and OTG at the same time.This MHL adaptor works:BoxWave HTC Rezound HDMI Adapter - MHL Adapter for the HTC Rezound, Stream Content From Your HTC Rezound Straight to Any HDMI Source Such as an HDTV!I put my review of it there. It works just fine without power, but with my 2amp charger, it WILL charge the DNA while streaming FHD HDMI out, tho if you leave it in overnight, it always locked up my phone.  I was unable to get it to work with any HDMI->DVI adaptor I had, tho one of the HDMI->VGA adapter I tried sorta worked (it topped out at 720)The MHL to VGA adaptor from Monoprice also works so that I can view the output on every monitor I have, however I cannot get a full 1080p display (even tho the adaptor says it supports 1920x1080 and HDCP).  It too will charge the phone.The 1080 display on the DNA begs to be used for streaming HD video to the big screen (hotel room, visiting family, bedroom, etc), but so far, I have only been able to get 1080p out of it on one TV set.  On monitors I have only been able to get 720p which for me is more than frustrating... it takes away the single biggest reason I wanted a 1920x1080 screen on my phone.Screen: Watching FHD video on this screen is captivating. It is stunningly clear. With a FHD display, it begs to be used as a computer.  You can browse the web EXACTLY like you would at your desktop and still find the resulting tiny, tiny text quite readable. &lt;Update: I am now at my mom\'s and I normally would try to get to her computer to use the internet and for the first time, I am quite happy just using my DNA.  In fact I am now typing this on my bluetooth keyboard looking at my DNA screen.  I am using this phone for a much higher percentage of my web browsing than I ever was before.  When I used the built in screen to RemoteDesktop, I was very glad I did not go with a 720 display.>WebBrowser: I have always preferred the HTC web browser due to its text reflow when pinch-zooming.  However, they have added a new feature that I am liking a lot.  Add To - Reading List, which saves that web page for later viewing (even if you do not have any connection) and the links still work (if you do have a connection).  They have also added this Labs - Quick Controls which I am liking a lot.  It remains full screen, and to reach your options, you slide your finger in from the edge of the screen.Camera: I like the camera very much.  It takes low light photos very quickly and with good quality. Much faster than the Thunderbolt... my wife will LOVE that when out and about with the kids.  I am loving it for taking quick snapshots of something I am reading and want to be able to refer to later while on the train (with the Thunderbolt, this was very difficult to do).  I am also liking the ability to rotate and crop my photos within the camera.>4GB files: I had no problem uploading via the USB cable a 7GB WTV file to the internal memory and playing it with MX Player.USB Host Mode OTG (OnTheGo): Using this adaptorT & S Electronics Micro USB OTG Cable - Google Nexus 7, Xoom, Samsung Galaxy, Iconia A510, Toshiba Excite 305, & more. LIFETIME WARRANTY!you can do all sorts of stuff with that USB port.  The one big downside is that there is no way to charge the phone when the USB port is in Host mode.  This is a BIG disadvantage to going this route... but I did already have all the equipment to test this out, so I will leave it in the review.  It does NOT provide enough power to properly run my 3.5" external USB drive, tho my USB Flash Memory Key works fine.USB Keyboard: I was able to use a standard USB keyboard and even my small usb wireless keyboard with built in trackpad:Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070).  I like this combination.USB Speakers: Using the OTG adaptor, I was able to power my speakers via the speaker\'s USB power supply cord and (using a 1/8 plug M-M cord) get fabulous and loud sound:Logitech USB Laptop Speaker Z305.  I do not need to lug a notebook computer around (or sacrifice it) to play movies for the kids (via NetFlix/Hulu/Amazon/WTV files from my HTPC/video files) or background music when away from home (via Pandora/mp3 files/etc).USB Key / Flash Drive: I reformatted my Flash Drive to FAT32 (Neither NTFS nor exFAT natively work on this phone -- I tried) and had no problem playing any of the Win7 FHD WTV TV shows I had copied to it.  HOWEVER, FAT32 is limited to files of less than 4GB.  Fortunately I discovered Nexus Media Importer by HomeySoft.  With it I was able to restore NTFS to my USB stick and with MX Player associated with Video files in Setup-AppAssociations, I had no problem playing my 9GB WTV files from within Nexus Media Importer.USB Hub:  I was also able to plug it into my USB 3.0 powered HUB and view both the keyboard and flash drive and power the speakers and power my 3.5" external USB hard drive all at the same time.  It would not charge the Droid at the same time. Since the devices are drawing their power from the Hub and not the phone, it should help lessen the drain on the DNA\'s battery.Wireless Charging: Any QI charging pad should work, but they seem a bit hard to come by just yet. Since it is smaller than the phone, I had my eye on this oneNokia DT-900 Wireless Charging Plate - Retail Packaging - Black), but I got impatient and picked up a Verizon branded one and it works great.  It looks identical to and carries the same WCP-700 designation as this Amazon listingLG WCP-700 Portable Power Mat Home and Office Charging Pad.  It is larger than the DNA, but with my corporate discount it was only $42 and it was available today.Beeping: THe WCP700 beeps when you place it on the pad in the correct orientation and it beeps repeatedly at some point after it is fully charged.  Three times now I have been awakened by this beeping.  See the comments for instructions on how I removed the speaker.  The one big advantage of the beep when placed on the charger is that I now wake up every so often to find that I did not quite place it on the charger just right and a beep would have let me know this.  If only it did not beep when fully charged.Fastboot:  Under the battery section, there is a checkbox for fastboot just like my Thunderbolt.  It makes the PowerOff work like hybernation, so if I turn it off at night and back on the next morning and it boots up in about 7 seconds (12 if you count the 5 seconds you need to hold down the button)... if I need to clean out cobwebs, I need to choose re-start.  However, I have found that it uses so little battery power when all the radios are off and the screen is off, that maybe this is no longer really needed.Notification light:  Easy to miss, there is a barely noticable round led light to the left of the camera lens.  My case covered it up so I drilled a hole for it.  I have never yet just left my phone lying on the table upside down in front of me, but it makes sense that to minimize distractions during a meeting that a phone on silent upside down with a small blinking led notification light would be helpful.DLNA / wireless HDMI out: I finally received and tested theHTC Media Link HD H200 (99H10801-00) for One X, One S, One V, Droid Incredible 4G LTE, EVO 4G LTE in Retail Packaging.  My review of that is there, however in short, it worked well for video and apps.  For FHD Remote Desktop use and games, you definately notice the 1 second delay.  I returned it because MHL is working so much better (however, the H200 WILL work via HTML->DVI).Sound Quality: I have watched a couple of movies now and listened to Pandora a bit and I have no complaints about the sound quality via headphones or external speakers and I am rather picky about that sort of thing, so that is a strong plus.  From my point of view, no phone, no notebook computer, no tv set has adequate speakers, so I will not comment on this phone\'s speaker other than it is adequate for speakerphone use.The new Recent Apps button: The OpenApp button in the lower right corner is nearly identical in usage as how the HP Touchpad works.  Swipe sideways to see the running apps and swipe up to close them.  Nice.ScreenShot: Power+Home.  Very nice.&lt;The 2/19/2013 update fixed whatever problem that kept Angry Birds Star Wars from playing.>-Dislikes:MicroSD slot:  This is big negative for me.  I thought that I\'d be okay with USB Hub option, but since I have no way of keeping the phone\'s battery from draining using that method, a 64GB SD Card would be a GREAT option.  That said, if you do not plan on putting hours and hours of music or FHD video on this device, 16GB should be plenty.  I have researched/tested many wireless storage options and rejected them all but one:Seagate Wireless Plus 1 TB Mobile Device Storage with Built-In Wi-Fi Streaming (STCK1000100)12GB of available memory:  Since it has no MicroSD slot and you cannot charge it while in USB Host mode, the 12GB memory limitation winds up being a problem if you want to upload any large video files (upload 1 file, view it, delete it, repeat).  After all my apps have taken up their space, there is not enough room left over to upload any large video file.No Drive Letter: I am about to refresh my backup of my phone and none of my normal tools for comparing the contents of two folders works because no traditional means of referring to folders understands what Computer\\HTC6435LVW\\Internal storage means.  With previous phones with SD cards, I was able to do.  This makes my normal routine of backup via Windows Explorer much more difficult.Wireless Charging:  The Qi charger does not work if you have a USB Host Mode OTG (or the MHL) cable plugged into it, which is a shame because that is the primary reason I purchased it.Micro USB Cover: It may help in keeping out water and dirt, however it is one extra step every time I want to plug something in.  4 months later, I have gotten used to it and it is still there. It helped that I caved in and bought a wireless Qi charger.  I have also recently seen a tear down of this phone and there is a rubber gasket going all the way around the outer edge.  Between the gasket and the usb cover, it should be more water resistant than most phones.Micro HDMI port: I am disappointed that there is no micro HDMI port to allow me to use the OTG cable at the same time as an HDMI cable.  MHL has issues that a dedicated port may have not had.FM Radio App: It did not come with the FM Radio app which has been preinstalled on every HTC phone I have every owned before now (this being my 4th or 5th).  I use this app every morning as my wife\'s favorite radio station blocks all avenues I have tried to stream to my phone via the internet, except of course for it\'s own Android App, of which I am not fond.  My old HTC Thunderbolt has become my full-time bed-side radio alarm clock.Removable Battery: I am worried about the non-user-replaceable battery.  I always had a spare for the Thunderbolt with me at all times and have used it many times.  So far, after 4 months usage and lots of testing... I have never been below 20% battery life left.  Soldering it in there enables them to use a smaller battery and case and therefore make the phone noticably smaller and thinner and lighter.  I have a lot more MicroUSB chargers these days, so there should be a charger most every where i go, but I still expect that at some point, I am going to be left with a dead phone.  But is that really the end of the world... no, not really.  The one big issue will be getting it replaced when the battery is no longer effective (probably 4 years).  However, this will likely also be an issue with ANY low volume phone.  Unless the battery is also used by a newer phone (or is a highly popular phone), the probability of finding anyone who currently manufacturers a replacement battery for any phone that is 4 years old is a bit low.  more likely you will buy one and find it was manufactured 4 years ago and sitting on a shelf for 4 years.Menu button: I know it is the new standard according to Google, however its absence means that the 3 dot menu bar pops up on every application that is not programming to deal with it (most annoying so: LogMeInIgnitionForAndroid).-General:Keyboard:  There is an option to "swipe" your words.  As a long fan of Swype I was intrigued, but after 1 day trial, I gave it the boot and install the Swype "beta".NFC: Samsung really sells this with it touch-to-S-Beam videos, however you can do this with the any phone with Android 4.1+ which has NFC built it like the DNA. It all depends on how the app uses it, which is where Samsung has really run with it... HTC not as much, but there are 3rd party apps.  I have not tried it yet.Holster:  I dropped by the Verizon store on day 1 and they had in stock a very slick belt holster (Verizon branded) for it that looks good, allows the wireless charging to still work, has a nifty option to display the phone at an angle to watch a movie or use a keyboard and view it like a monitor.OEM HTC DROID DNA Shell Combo w/Holster & Kickstand HTC6435.  6 months later I have yet to find a case/holster that provides good protection and ease of use.Screen Protector: So far I am liking this one:IQ Shield LIQuidSkin - HTC Droid DNA Screen Protector Ultra Smooth Film + Lifetime Replacement WarrantyBloatware: Verizon has forced upon us a suprising limited number of auto-start-up garbage apps (compared to the Thunderbolt 2 years ago).HTC.  My last 4 phones have been HTC.  As annoying as some of my phones have been at times, they had their good qualities and no phone is perfect.Unlimited Data Plan: I was worried about loosing my unlimited LTE plan, but in reality, I never used more than 4GB per month and the 4GB/mo plan with tethering ($50) is cheaper than my old unlimited plan with tethering ($30+$30).  Yes, I paid for tethering.Battery Life: So far, I have used it daily for over 5 months and I have yet to have a dead phone.-With all the radios on and no effort to conserve battery power, using a bluetooth headset:--Phone 1: 12 hours no travel 48% - 14 hours and 300 miles of driving 37% - 14 hours and 300 miles of driving 27% ---Phone 2: 14 hours 66% - 19 hours 50%. - 16 hours 47%-With MobileData Off unless needed and Bluetooth and Wifi on 100% of the time: 14 hours 73%, 21 hours 49%-With Bluetooth and MobileData off and WiFi on: 16 hours 83%.  11 hours 78%.-With Bluetooth and MobileData and WiFi all OFF and turning them on only as needed with less than 1 hour of screen time per day: 12 hours 94%, 36 hours 76%-With Bluetooth ON 100% of the time and MobileData OFF and WiFi OFF - turning them on only as needed with less than 1 hour of screen time per day: 42 hours 75%, 52 hours 60%  (worth noteing... I keep my bluetooth headset OFF until my phone rings as it connects quickly enough I do not need to waste battery power)-With a lot of screen time and a terrible LTE signal in my office (when I accidentally leave it on all day), I find that after 12 hours, I am generally down to about 20% battery life left.-In short, I keep my MobileData and WiFi off until needed in order to buy me more screen time.  There is no need to burn battery time to hunt for a signal when I do not need a connection.-I have started using the Tasker to automatically turn on the WiFi when I am within 1km of home and turn off the WiFi radio when I leave and to turn on the LTE radio when I turn on the Display and off again when I turn off the Display, so it is much like leaving both on 24/7 and yet I seldom have less than 70% battery life left at the end of the day with normal usage (1 or 2 brief phone calls, 15 min of web browsing, 30 min of Kindle reading on the train, a few texts, checking the time).-I have seen it warn me to plug it in a few times, but I was always able to plug it in and use it plugged in.-It is 6 months later now, still using Tasker to turn of LTE when the screen is off and on when I turn on the screen.  I tend to find it at 40% when I put it on the charger 16 to 18 hours after I picked it up and the "most used" app in terms of battery power tends to be Kindle while on the train (i.e. screen time), so that is not so bad.  I seldom get 70% anymore tho... I may need to do a factory reset to get back to that number.  I say this because I often find it at 50% after 12 hours and the only usage is "Android System" at 75% of battery power.  This makes no sense to me and the last time I found that to happen, a factory reset seemed to work (for a couple of months anyway).Bluetooth Keyboard and Mouse: I was able to pair it up and us each just fine, but the mouse was way too erratic, so it is tucked away in a drawer forever (the Logitech Tablet Mouse for Android 3.1+).Speed: I am amazed how much faster Google maps locates my current location (super fast GPS lock) and how quickly it shows traffic conditions.  My Thunderbolt took about 1 full second (vs instantly now) for the location and it frequently took FOREVER to display current traffic (vs instantly now).  This alone will save me a LOT of frustration if this continues.Reset: If the DNA becomes completely unresponsive and you cannot perform a restart, then simply hold down the power button for at least 10 seconds.Wired Ethernet:  I had hoped this might work, but it did not: [BobjGear USB to RJ45 Compact Fast Ethernet Adapter made for Android]Thin-Client Remote Desktop: I have moved this into the comments.  I doubt many people are trying to achieve what I am trying to achieve with a phone.HTC Media Link HD H300?: I tried three times to order the H200 on HTC\'s website, but it was cancelled on me each time and they finally told me the reason... the computers say it is discontinued.  Perhaps there is a H300 coming out soon?  No one knew anything.Google Play: I had no problem signing into my HTC Thunderbolt\'s existing Google Play account (putting 2 phones on the same account)Exchange: I encountered no issues with connecting to my company\'s Exchange Server during the initial walk thru.  I had previously been using Touchdown for Exchange, but I thought I\'d give Google\'s email handler a try and so far, after 4 months now, I am still liking it, tho I did have to consolidate my calendars into one.Crashing: My first phone would crash or reboot whenever I used a FHD app for more than 8 minutes.  My 1st replacement phone did not have this problem, however I do occasionally have apps mysterious shutting down that seems to be related to lack of resources for certain FHD requests (FHD Angry Birds Star Wars?).  I am guessing that this might go away if they increased the RAM.  I thought my 2nd phone was rebooting on its own, but it turns out that the default sound for new google mail was the same sound as the reboot sound and since I so seldom get gmail, it took a long time for me to make that connection, but once I did, I just changed the sound for "Default notification".Rooting: I researched rooting mostly to enable NTFS, however I came across a post by someone who notice that the phone keeps track that you rooted it, so even when he unrooted it, the notification was readily available to any Verizon rep who would decide to deny the warranty because it had been rooted.  True or not, I decided against it, just in case.It came with a 1 amp charger that looks just like the one that came with my Thunderbolt.  I frequently charge it with the 2 amp charger that came with my HP Touchpad.It is running Android 4.1.1 and HTC Sense 4.  It has 2B of internal memory with not quite 12GB of alternate-pseudo-SDCard memory available for me to use.Bluetooth displays as 4.0I like Android 4.1.1 very much.  I forsee me installing far fewer utility applications (folders, task killer, etc).Contract Expiration Date: I have discovered that I am eligible for a new discounted phone on 07/21/14... 20 not 24 months. -- correction... after 6 months of showing a 7/21 date, I just noticed that they are now showing a 11/21/2014 date.Both phones I received (1 directly from VerizonWireless 11/21/2012 and later in the store 11/26/2012) came pre-charged.Update: Verizon did release an updated operating system last night, however it is still 4.1.1 and HTC Sense 4+.  "This update includes improvements for WiFi connectivity, Bluetooth connectivity, and other things such as improved audio quality over wired headsets and earpieces."  Also repaired: Angry Birds Star Wars now plays just fine.If you have any specific questions, just leave me a comment.Thank you&lt;Note: I am planning on getting a Samsung S4, mostly so that I can use it in the SmartDock and be able to use MHL 2.0 and OTG and charging all at once at FHD on a 15.6" FHD monitor>', 'fantastic phone upgrade coming from a Droid Inc. 2.  The increase in size has only been a plus. I was worried it would be too big, but I never even notice it anymore. Processor is way fast for phone functions and internet is actually usable now with 4G and a good processor. Keyboard is just like my old Droid and I hardly ever mis-type. Talk and voice input is really great too! Very happy I got it.', 'This phone is solid in almost every way.  I will not get into the specs very much because those are self explanatory.  What I do want to talk about is the number of negative reviews about the poor battery life.  I have not found the 2020 mAh battery to be insufficient at all.  Of course a bigger battery would be ideal but I am getting a full days worth of use out of my phone.  I work in sales and use my phone to search competitors prices and to build quotes for clients.  Through fairly heavy internet use via wifi and a bit of music streaming I am able to make it through even my longest days which can be twelve hours or more.The quad core processor and 2 gigs of ram allow you to fly through this phones functions quickly.  I have been amazed at its responsiveness.  Web pages load quickly and online streaming is very good as well.  There is simply no phone on the market with better specs than this phone.  Just do your research and you will see. The Note 2 and Galaxy S III are awesome phones too but they are $299 and $199 from most carriers with a new contract.  The DNA can be found for $99 dollars which makes it a steal.', "This phone is great! It is very fast, response to the touch is quick. The screen is beautiful, I use it to watch Netflix often. The phone never lags, very smooth operation. I like the ability to customize screen colors and ringtones easily. Yes, it seemed a little big at first, but I've grown to like it, my old phone seems too small now.Netflix with Bluetooth headset works great. The battery is a little weak, but not bad. I think they could've made it at least a 2500ma without much difference in size, but maybe they'll come out with a maxx version later.Had the Razr HD before, the DNA is much smoother and faster than the Razr.Cons: The glass goes all the way to the corner so a case is a MUST! one little drop on a hard surface and the screen is done. I had a Thunderbolt and a Rezound also, they were dropped many times without a case and didn't break; I don't think this one would fare as well.Bluetooth phone audio quality isn't the best. Supposedly there is an update coming to fix the problem.No SD card slot. Stupid thing to leave out. The Butterfly (same phone available in some other markets) has it, why not the DNA? Must've been a Verizon trick so you have to buy a higher Data planYes, I recommend this phone", "I could write a lot about this phone, but I won't.  There are 3 things going for it which are unbelievable:1) The screen.  Never seen a better one.2) The battery.  For a non-removable battery, this thing works like a champ.  Will breeze through a day with light usage.  However, if you fire up music, navigation and surfing the web, yeah, you'll drain it pronto.  Last night, after a full charge, light gaming, moderate internet, moderate email and a few calls, at the end of the day it sat over 40% left on the battery.  It's nice not to have to worry about a battery.3) Fast.  The quad core on this thing is laughable it is so fast.  Never had a phone that's quicker.  Loading apps / maps / music / video - super fun.No like?  Verizon.  There are significant problems when adding sim cards that Verizon will not tell you about as they charge you to activate your device.  A tech told me this first hand.  The fail rate on installing sim cards is high and you can only get a free sim card through the mail or physically visiting a CORPORATE Verizon store.  Bought the phone off contract without a sim - it took over 3 hours to get this thing activated (the first sim failed but they kept trying to activate it).  Most of the time I was talking to first level techs AFTER telling them I had already talked to a first level tech and been transferred.  Super frustrating and it's clear Verizon doesn't care.", "I purchased the DNA a week after it's release date.  After purchasing it, i didn't want to write a review until i had more hands on time with it.  Being an Android user for the last couple of years, i know to wait a couple weeks to truly see if the phone is a powerhouse.  Coming to a conclusion that a phone is great after one day use is premature in the smartphone age.  After downloading apps, music, taking pictures, and saving tons of junk on your phone, performance usually starts to slow down.  This has been the problem with every Android phone i have owned. Now for my review..I've owned a Motorola Droid X, Motorola Bionic, and Motorola Razr Maxx.  I loved Motorola for the phone reception and call quality.  Truly loved the Maxx for the battery life.  But one thing always irked me about Android phones.  The phones would bog down after several months when trying to do simple tasks like making a phone call.  I hated using an app, then receiving a phone call, then unable to answer the call because the touchscreen would freeze up or would not recognize my finger presses.  This type of nuisance occurred on every one of the android phones i owned.  Slow down would occur too after several months. I deleted apps, used, froze apps, closed out open apps etc., but nothing would seem to work.Along comes the DNA.....i just want to say this phone is ALMOST perfect.  Some people won't like the size...if you have small hands, stick to iPhone.  I have no problems using this phone or pressing the power button. The screen is NICE.  I watch a lot of Netflix and also watch NFL games using Slingbox...the DNA is perfect for watching video.  Speed....my, my, this thing is FAST.  I thought that it would slow down sooner or later, but no.  I switch through home screens, browse the net, watch videos, all with ease.  No slow down at all...NONE.  The phone has never froze up on me, reset on its own, slow down when a phone call comes in etc.  All the quirks i hated Android for are gone.  Phone quality is clear, and 4GLTE is great and plentiful in my area. Camera is the best one i have used on a phone.  Motorola always had bad cameras.  I love the HTC interface too.  Blur was OK, but Sense is better. The phone is equipped with BEATS, but you can only hear the BEATS sound quality through headphones or speakers.  I have a Monster portable speaker that i connect to through bluetooth and the sound is great.  Now to the flaws.Memory is not expandable on this phone.  This was almost a deal breaker for me, until i checked my old phones and noticed i never used over 16gb worth of memory ever.  I'm a music junkie but never stored a lot of music on my phone.  All my music is saved to Google cloud.  This was the only process i found to be a pain...it took over THREE days for all my music to upload to Google music.  I have high speed internet, still took forever.  Battery life is actually ok.  Remember i came from using the battery king Maxx.  It's not great on the DNA, but it's not bad either.  I use the internet a lot and the phone can get through the day without being on the charger.  Minor nuisance was the charging port flap, but i removed mine. Problem solved.  Not a perfect phone, but near perfect.Good job HTC.", "My first smart phone, a Samsung that cost $50 more, lasted 1 week before I dropped and ruined it. No insurance, of course. I really liked that phone, but disliked its frailty. The power, volume, etc buttons felt flimsy and the phone overall too light. Still, it was a top rated phone, so I went to order an exact replacement.When I went to place my order on-line, a pop up appeared announcing that Verizon had begun offering this HTC DNA. After doing some exhaustive review reading, I decided to go with this and forget about replacing the Samsung. I am so glad I did.Some others have complained about the lack of a removable drive and the inability to upgrade to more storage. Neither is a problem for me. To access the drive, I just hook up the phone to my PC. Storage is more than adequate for me because I prefer accessing my music through the cloud. Same with pics. Without music and pics, I haven't used even a third of what's available.As to losing service and getting a no sim card card message, it's not been my case. I'm in a 4G Verizon service area, so maybe that figures in.Regarding connecting my phone through the aux port, I've had no issues and my music has not been distorted. Wi-Fi problems? Wow. Not here. Mine connects super fast and I have had no issues.As others have noted, it's big. I love it, but tiny hands might find it difficult at first to operate. Glorious clear optics and a screen, finally, that's able to let me watch vids without holding the phone right in front of my eyes.It's also REALLY fast. No problem switching through screens, using apps and answering calls. The Samsung I had froze up when a call would come through, so I love this phone's flexibility.Oh yeah, it's a phone too, lol! Phone quality is awesome, on par with my land line and much better than the Samsung I had for a week. All in all, I'm glad I broke that darn thing even if it did cost me out of pocket.The one and only reason I am rating this phone 4 stars instead of 5 is the battery life that many have mentioned. It's really not a biggie for me, but I can see how it would be an issue to anyone that doesn't keep USB charging cords around their PCs, or a battery pack in their backpack. There are easy work arounds, you just have to think ahead.BTW, none of these sleek phones with big screens have the ability to bounce. Although this phone feels tougher than my old Samsung or my friends' iPhones, get yourself a protective case and pop for the insurance for the first six months or so (until the phone price drops enough to equal less than the insurance).*Update*So, not a huge deal, but the charging port cover isn't strong enough to hold up to daily use. The little plastic hinge is a fail point over time. Now when I charge the phone I have to keep track of where I put the cover since it's no longer attached. It's inevitable that I'll loose it at some point which will leave the port forever open, making the phone more susceptible to being damaged.", 'Absolutely love this phone. It has a great camera, beautiful HD display, a thin stylish design, overall I am very pleased.', "I compared this to my co-workers HTC One and I actually like the DNA styling better. The screen is HUGE but the phone is so slender it never feels too big. The back is slightly grippy which is nice. Display is gorgeous and the apps are snappy ans responsive. Camera is good, on par with everything else out there. Sound is again disappointing but what do you expect from a rear speaker. The Beats audio adds a nice kick when output to head phones or my car speakers or the Sound Freaq, but I like bass. I could see it being too much for some. Disappointed that it doesn't have a stand like the Thunderbolt did, it came in handy more often than I thought it would and it's missed on the DNA. I didn't have a case on it for the first few months since I hated to add any bulk to its sleekness. Alas, I dropped it and the screen shattered. Very pretty but very annoying to read through. Replacement of the screen and digitizer was around $230 and now I have the Diztronic case on it. The repair person said that they'd been getting a bunch of DNAs so maybe the screen is more prone to breaking since the glass goes all the way to the edge. Beauty comes with a cost I guess. Only other complaint is the limit of 16GB for memory.", "what can I say. I am happier with this phone than any other phone I've ever had. what else can I say", "I pre-ordered the HTC Evo back when it was announced. Loved that phone despite the short battery life and Sprint service.  Jumped over to Verizon to get the first 4g phone Thunderbolt. Loved this phone despite the short battery life. I owned a I-phone 4s for 6 months and it never did much for me. I owned the Droid-X and never got into it either.I'm just partial to HTC, I guess.  I've never had a problem with any of their phones. Several drops(in various cases) throughout the years and never a failure.Was worried about the Battery life or lack of SD slot (coming from the 40gb T-bolt and all), but with Photobucket and Google offering auto uploads, on either Wifi or cell data, my pictures and video don't need to be on the phone storage.Battery life, so far, is superior to the Evo and T-bolt, which I still loved, while swapping batteries. 10-12 hours or more is possible, in my experience since the DNA's release. I do think the phone could be a tick thicker while offering another 500mah and, possible a SD slot, but it's thin form makes the phone feel smaller than it is, imo.", 'I love everything about this phone except one thing, and it is a deal breaker for me. Its Blue tooth really sucks! Voice dialing is a crap shoot, whether you can get it to call the correct contact, My wife uses the command to "Call Mom" (her mom)and the phone will call another contact that sounds nothing like "Mom". Blue tooth call quality and clarity is verily acceptable, but when the wife and I are trying to talk to each other through our blue tooth headsets (we both have DNA\'s) the doubling, of the degradadition in clarity makes it almost impossble to understand each other. I hate to focus on this negative when the phone does so many other things well, but I need blue tooth to work correctly. And no, its not my headset I tried several different headsets, all with the same results.', '---------1/16/2013---------PROS:=====o Fast processor (Bionic with ICS started to really lag)o Large screeno Can use cell voice and data simultaneously with Verizon on this!o 1080p resolutiono Quad Core should last some time now, so hopefully this phone doesn\'t out-date anytime soon.o Camera app starts SUPER FAST compared to my last several Motorola phones and photos can be taken super quickly which is great when you need that quick shot.  I had been waiting up to a minute or so on the Bionic with the ICS update on it.o Initial few days, battery shows lasting almost 13 hours.  I play word games (scrabble), surf with browsers, check news with apps.  13 hours should be good enough.CONS:=====o--> HTC Trace not as good as Swype. When selecting an earlier word to replace, a list of similar traced words does not come up like with Swype. I miss this because it makes me have to type the word all over again rather than press a correct word as with Swype.o--> Large screen - My fingers cannot reach the entire screen without holding the phone sideways somewhat. One big issue with that is that most buttons are at the top of apps, web pages, and the phone\'s back button is way to the left and even that is a reach.o--> 1080p resolution. One traffic app now shows traffic (green highlight) in a super skinny line which makes it hard to see when glancing at it quickly. I have to look really closely.  Not a big deal, I just use a couple of other traffic apps instead.o--> No HDMI out which stinks, esp since it\'s 1080p. Would have been nice to stream to an HDTV.o--> Power slot on bottom, which is annoying because I like to stand up my phone when charging, leaning against something so I can see the screen.  However, a workaround is allowing auto-rotate to be active (but I don\'t like this auto-rotate for times I read my email in bed on the side and it goes to that wide format which is often annoying for GMail).o--> Power button has little feedback so when I press it, sometimes it isn\'t pressed enough and doesn\'t turn on/off. And when I press it hard, I worry it will break or something.  I like the Motorola phones where that button has some feedback (like a little click feel).OTHER NOTABLES:===============o--> Screen (glass) is beveled away at edges, so when I put a screen protector that I cut out, the edges didn\'t touch the phone screen (my real screen protectors are on the way, but I wanted to protect the screen right from the start).o--> Power button on top and audio slot on top not an issue, as that\'s where the Bionic had them.o--> Gorilla Glass 2 is nice.  Spoke with an HTC guy and he said Gorilla Glass 3 is coming out, but no time soon.o Bought a clear hard plastic case and it fits the phone nicely.o--> No complaining about the missing SD card slot and non-removable battery, as that is clear and obvious on the DNA description.  Would have loved 32GB and a 3000mAh battery or more though.  But that would have made the phone fat I guess.  For storage, I just left off a ton of audio files (hour long or more each), big mp3 collections (Amazon\'s autoRip solved a lot of my issues by allowing bought CD music to play on the Amazon mp3 app).o--> Amazon shipped this OVERNIGHT when it was listed as IN STOCK. I had ordered when it was 1-2 weeks expected, then saw it for a few minutes in stock so canceled and re-ordered because my original order didn\'t get a faster ship date.  CR said there\'s a glitch in ship date shown when backordered.---------2/12/2013---------o--> Purchased the wireless charger. Works nicely, but the phone/charging pad do heat up quite a bit (when charging on the USB/AC, phone doesn\'t get warm at all), and of course it takes a LOT longer to charge.  But, convenient if you\'re trying to keep your phone charged up at your work desk or other static location.o--> Downloading new apps is extremely fast compared to my previous dual-core Bionic. This is a great convenience.o--> Purchased a 3rd party warranty that includes accidental damage. A few days ago, I dropped it, and fortunately didn\'t have to use the warranty. No damage. I use a very inexpensive clear (few bucks) hard plastic case and a XtremeGuard plastic protecting sheet on the back for extra cushioning and that combination did a nice job protecting with the drop. No need for a huge otterbox like expensive case.o--> Evidently there\'s an HTC update coming soon. When I click check now, it doesn\'t download anything yet. Just sits there.o--> Heard there\'s an HTC device in the works that has a smaller screen size. Something in the 4.5 to 4.7 inch screen size would be much easier to use as I could then easily reach all parts of the screen. Saw LG Optimus G is coming out in Korea with a 5.5" screen. That would be way too hard to use single-handedly.o--> Still very happy with this device.02/27/2013-04/03/13:ISSUE --> Using wired headphones for the 1st time, and when I plug them it, the data speed drops to almost zero.  When I unplugged the headphones (while the same application is being used that should be buffering data), the data picks back up to over 7 and is normal. Anyone else experiencing this problem? This also seems to vary depending on the app being used.  Sometimes wired headphones work with one app on 4G/LTE, but does not on another. Very odd and inconsistent. I just have to remember which app can run on 4G/LTE and which needs 3G to run.________More/update to come as I keep using it.  Only have had it for a few days now.', 'I have had this phone for about a month.  I chose the DNA because I have less than perfect vision and needed the larger screen.  I was a little nervous because of the numerous issues reported with the sim card, but since several DNA owners said that adding a piece of scotch tape seemed to solve the problem I figured that I would take a chance.  So far I have not encountered any issues with the sim card.  I have actually had no problems of any kind.My last phone was the Stratosphere, which I grew to hate.  With light usage I was lucky to make through a whole day.  The DNA gets me through 2 1/2 days of light usage on 1 charge!  Heavy usage gets me through 1 day.  I was recently at a dog show that was held in a rural area with poor connections.  Numerous other people had a hard time getting a connection but the DNA NEVER had any problems!  In addition it was on 4G the entire time and with moderate usage it still had about half a charge after a 14 hour day!', 'HTC is one of the leaders when it comes to fit and finish and the DROID DNA is no exception. The One X was already one of the most superior phones in terms of quality, but somehow they were able to step it up. It has a similar polycarbonate back, but it sports more of a soft rubbery touch. The one downside is that it\'s a fingerprint and smudge magnet. It\'s almost impossible to keep it smudge free, but hey, who plans on staring at the back of their phone all day? The rubberized feel is non slippery and gives you a fantastic grip.It\'s not the thinnest phone in the world because at the highest point it\'s 9.73mm, but it still feels pretty thin because of the rounded back. The edges are only 4mm thick, but it expands to the center where it hits 9.73mm. It kind of feels like a Hershey\'s candy bar. That\'s not a bad thing because when you hold the phone, you place your fingers at the sides which is the thinnest part, while the thickest part rests in your palm and fits perfectly. I know it\'s a cliche, but it really does feel great in the hand considering it has a whopping 5-inch display. The Samsung Galaxy Note II sports a 5.5-inch display, but is so much bigger when comparing the two. When comparing it to the One X, it\'s about the same width, but it"s a little taller. My hands are on the smaller side and I had no issues with the size whatsoever. I\'m starting to wonder if 5-inches is the new sweet spot.DESIGN:What really makes the DROID DNA a thing of beauty is the Lamborghini-inspired aluminum red grill that you will find along the right and left sides. Most manufacturers would have gone with the color silver, but HTC has used red a lot in the past, and it makes the perfect accent on a black phone. You will also find a similar red accent around the 8MP rear camera lens. Overall, the DROID DNA has an EVO type of look, but more polished.As with most HTC phones, you will find the power button at the top, but this time it sits in the middle. To the left of it is the microphone jack and the SIM slot is to it\'s right. Along the right side towards the top you will find the volume rocker that sports the same red color as the aluminum red grill. The microUSB port is usually found on the left side on HTC phones, but they finally decided to move it to the bottom, which is the better place. Unfortunately they put a cover on it, which is a little annoying. It\'s kind of a pain to put back in place, but I guess if you\'re going to include it, you might as well make it a tight fit. They decided to include the cover because the phone is splash resistant.Another nice addition is the notification light on the back to the left of the camera lens. It serves two purposes. It lights up for your notifications, but is also lights up when taking a picture.You won\'t find a microSD slot for expanding storage, which is a downer for some folks. You get 16GB of storage, which is more than enough for the average user. The other negative is that it\'s a unibody design, so you won\'t be able to remove the battery. This could be a deal breaker for some, but more on that later.In terms of fit and finish, you won\'t find a better phone than the DROID DNA. The only other phones that are in the same ballpark is the DROID RAZR HD / RAZR MAXX HD and the iPhone 5.HARDWARE:If you\'re going to make a high quality phone, you need to back it up with hardware, and HTC did just that. It packs a 5-inch (1920 x 1080) Super LCD 3 display at 440ppi, a 1.5GHz quad-core Snapdragon S4 Pro CPU, 2GB of RAM, an 8MP rear camera with ImageSense, 2.1MP front facing camera with an 88 degree wide angle lens, 16GB of internal storage, 2020mAh battery, NFC, 4G LTE with worldwide GSM capability, and Beats Audio.PERFORMANCE:I already had a chance to try out the Snapdragon S4 Pro on the LG Optimus G so I already had a good idea what to expect. I am happy to report that Sense 4+ doesn\'t in any way degrade the performance of the quad-core. Coupled with Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, it\'s blazing fast. It seriously shreds anything you want to throw at it. I know many of you are benchmark fans so I did the obligatory AnTuTu which came in at 14,544. That\'s considerably higher than the Optimus G\'s 11.213. Seriously, I\'m not sure who can tell the difference, but if you crave power, the DROID DNA will satisfy everything you desire.DISPLAY:HTC already had the finest display ever with the One X so what could they possibly do for an encore? The One X sported a Super LCD 2 display at 720p, and the DROID DNA is now a Super LCD 3 at 1080p. It sports 440ppi which is higher than your TV. Some may say it\'s overkill for a phone, but that\'s nonsense. It truly is breathtaking as the colors are vibrant, blacks are deep, and everything just pops out at you. As you would expect, the viewing angles are amazing and it performs very well in sunlight. Now if you\'re familiar with the One X, you will probably find this display to be only marginally better, but it\'s still an improvement. So to recap: HTC now has the two best displays ever on a smartphone. Not bad at all.SPEAKERS:As with all the latest HTC phones, the audio is enhanced with Beats. On top of that, HTC included two amplifiers in the phone. The microphone jack gets its own dedicated 2.55 volt amplifier and the other pushes the rear speaker. This helps minimize distortion at higher volumes. I think HTC is a little underrated when it comes to sound quality. The Beats partnership has always been considered a "marketing" gimmick, but I would rather have it on my phone than not.BATTERY:No matter how amazing a phone is, there always seems to be something holding it from being perfect, and the battery just might be the DNA\'s Achilles heel. I knew going into this review that it was the key, so I spent a considerable amount of time analyzing it. A 1080p screen is going to take its toll on any battery, and a 2020mAh battery is average based on today\'s standards. HTC reps seemed confident that the Snapdragon S4 Pro is efficient enough to make it work. Unfortunately it\'s not the case, but it\'s not complete doom and gloom. It\'s not like it\'s as bad as the Verizon Galaxy Nexus, but there are a number of phones that are better. My main test is to run continuous video while connected to 4G LTE, while the display is set at 2/3 brightness, GPS on, WiFi on (not connected), and Bluetooth on (not connected). It yielded 6 hours and 11 minutes. In comparing it to some of the latest phones that I did the same test on, it didn\'t fare too well:Motorola ATRIX HD - 4 hours 45 min (this was really bad)Sony Xperia Ion - 6 hoursDROID DNA - 6 hours 11 minutesAT&T; HTC One X - 7 hoursSprint LG Optimus G - 7 hours 30 minDROID Incredible 4G LTE - 7 hours 45 minDROID RAZR M - 8 hoursAT&T; LG Optimus G - 8 hoursSamsung Galaxy Note II - 9 hours 30 minDROID RAZR HD - About 10 hoursDROID RAZR MAXX HD - 13 hours 30 minSo what does this mean in terms of daily use? With moderate use, you should get about double the times you get in the rundown tests and sometimes more than that with the better performing phones. I was able to get 13 hours while connected to 4G LTE full time, which isn\'t great, but after living with the Verizon Galaxy Nexus for the past year, it\'s an improvement. I also tried it while connected to WiFi 90% of the time, and I was able to get a little over 14 hours with about 15% to spare. I then let it sit idle without turning on the display for about 6 hours and it had 4% left. So yes, it made it to 20 hours, which isn\'t bad, but 6 hours of it was idle time.Now obviously the display is the biggest culprit here, and all of my tests are done at 2/3 brightness. Some may consider that high, but I like to run tests that are at a level that people would like to see their phone set at with the option of scaling it back. I\'m going to see how things go with the display at around 40% brightness and update my results.Update 1: I\'m now getting about 17 hours of life while connected to 4G LTE full time with the display at about 50%. This is with moderate usage and is an improvement over what I got during the review process. It\'s always been assumed that batteries get better after a few charges, and I have never found this to be the case with most phones. With this particular phone, it really has made a difference. It might have something to do with the Snapdragon S4 Pro, but either way, it\'s nice to see an improvement.The bottom line is that the battery is certainly not the main selling point of the DROID DNA, but depending on your situation, it\'s not too bad if you are able to charge it regularly. For example, I always have a charger in my car and the plus side is this phone is compatible with Qi wireless chargers. There will be an accessory available, but it\'s also compatible with other 3rd party pads. While in the office, you can conveniently give it a little extra juice. Unfortunately, if you\'re a hardcore traveler, this phone might not be for you since you won\'t be able to swap batteries. If there is one thing I am disappointed in with the DNA, it\'s the battery, but based on my lifestyle, it\'s not a deal breaker for me.SOFTWARE:The DROID DNA features the latest version of Sense, which is 4+ on top of Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. It\'s not the latest version of Android, but it should satisfy most people. Sense 4+ hasn\'t changed all that much from what we saw on the One X and One S, but there are some differences. Navigating between home screens now has the circular carousel that was found in Sense 3, but thankfully it doesn\'t have the 100 mph spinning animation. The biggest improvement is the keyboard. I hated the Sense keyboard, and now it\'s more like the keyboards you see on other Android phones. The big change is the numbers/symbol key is to the bottom left instead of the bottom right, which makes a big difference. Other changes are more subtle like more refined fonts and icons, along with some changes to the camera app. Of course you will also get the newer stock Android features like Google Now, expanded notifications, and easier widget placement on home screens. Sense isn\'t something I desire on a phone, but it\'s livable when you consider what this phone offers.As far as running certain apps, such as games, you could run into a problem with the display and compatibility. Brad Molen from Engadget found issues with Need For Speed: Most Wanted and Angry Birds. This is probably due to the display ratio and some games not supporting it. It\'s probably a temporary issue since more and more phones will be released with similar displays in the near future. As with many of the newer phones, it\'s expected that a few apps might need to be updated.As far as bloatware goes, you will find your usual suspects, but they also included a new Amazon app suite. It\'s similar to the Nexus 7 media widget that shows your recent purchases of books, magazines, and videos. If you are hooked into Amazon, you might appreciate it, otherwise it\'s just one more annoying carrier add on.CAMERA:In my opinion, the One X has the best camera in a smartphone, so I was expecting the same with the DNA. It has the same F/2.0 aperture lens along with ImageSense. I found the pictures to be as good, but no better than the One X. There is at least one improvement with the DNA that I don\'t believe the One X has, and that\'s the flash. There are now five levels of brightness for the flash depending on the surroundings. You will also find some differences in the app itself. Some of the menus look a little different, but nothing too drastic. You can change settings for ISO, white balance, shutter, etc., but you can\'t save them.CLOSING:I consider myself lucky that I get to review a lot of different phones, but on the flip side, it can be a little boring since there are so many. Only a few phones really excite me, and I have to say that HTC really excelled this year. Looking back at 2012, I would say I thoroughly enjoyed reviewing the One X and the DROID DNA over any other phone. With that said, is the DROID DNA the ultimate DROID? HTC delivers in just about every category: build quality, display, power, and the camera. Notice how I said "just about"? For me, the battery is the only issue. If it could have had either the DROID RAZR HD or DROID RAZR HD MAXX battery, it would truly be complete, but nowadays it seems as though there is always going to be something missing. For some of you, the lack of a microSD slot is enough to not call this the ultimate DROID, but 16GB is plenty for the average person. Since I am just about 100% in the cloud, it\'s plenty for me. As I mentioned earlier, the battery isn\'t a deal breaker for me based on my lifestyle, but because of it, I can\'t call it the ultimate DROID or even the ultimate smartphone for that matter. What I can say about the DROID DNA is the same as what I said about the One X when I reviewed it: "This is the best Android phone hands down." So it\'s not the ultimate, but it\'s oh so close, and I will highly recommend it to anyone that tells me they have $200 to spend on their next smartphone.']