["Great Product Everything you need for replacement. (I'm a real review lol)", 'Works Perfect', '50/50 chance. I guess I got lucky!', 'Pretty good', "Screen i got didn't fit"]
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0]
['Had a cracked screen on a Iphone 5 that someone asked me to repair. After looking around and seeing all the either bad reviews or to good to be true reviews I settled down on this one. I have to say that I am very happy with the purchase and so was the owner of the phone. It came well packaged and as described. I used a heat gun to remove the old home button and camera frame and placed them right down on the new phone. The screen comes with a plastic cover on the front and back of the screen. Would recommend to someone trying to replace a broke screen.', 'Iphone screen broke. Bought this one to replace it. Colors looks identical to my eyes. Touch sensitivity and accuracy seem the same as original.', "Okay, as far as why I bought this I needed a screen for a customer asap and this was the only one I could find that would overnight it on a Saturday. So I didn't read reviews I just bought it. I was extremely happy to have it arrive the very next day. Anyway, I'm sure glad I did because it turned out to be magnificent! Digitizer and LCD both worked great! Customer was happy and so was I! As far as long term use I can't say yet.I was reading other reviews and it looks as if most people had received a defective product. Either that or I just got really lucky. But what I gather is you are taking a chance. You could get lucky like me and get a flawless screen, or you could get a really bad screen....All in all I was very satisfied with this! I'll definitely be buying again and will continue to buy until I receive a bad screen. Be cautious, you are taking a chance.", 'Very nice lcd, the diqitzer is perfect however it has problems fitting exactly on the phone but was easy to fix.', 'By it not fitting i mean it was too long to fit in the metal frame of the iPhone. it required me bending the iPhone backward so it could slide the screen in place, then letting go of the slight bend in the frame so it would clamp down on the screen. Much harder install because of that. The screen did work though.']