['2 thumbs down', 'Just What I was looking for in a smartphone-Speed & Plenty of it', "Great smart phone, lousiest camera I've seen on a phone since the flip phone versions", 'Great phone but few hickups', "Best phone I've ever owned.", '"Rocket Power"', 'Owned them all and prefer this one', 'This is a very good phone', 'Dynamic, elegant, cutting-edge smartphone']
[1.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Got to be worse design and screen ever made I got  2 within 3 days both screens were cracked sent to store they were out of screens due to mass breaking should do a massive recall or free upgrade on this one very disappointed with lg on this', "The LG Optimus G from Sprint is just what I was looking for in a smartphone.  It meets all of my requirements which are:1. Fast Processor2. Large RAM (2 Gigs)3. Large Internal Memory (32 Gigs)4. Good, reliable and fast, wifi connection for work/home network (RDP, Cloud and file transfers).5. Great screen (had to be 4.5 or larger)From the requirements that I have outlined above, the Optimus exceeds them all.  It should be noted that my wife and I purchased the smartphones together and she opted for the Samsung Galaxy III.  I will make my comparison with that phone since I set them up almost the same way.  Here's my observations:1. The Optimus is definitely faster SIII which I did not fully anticipate.  I knew that the quad core would be faster, but the entire experience blew me away.  The Optimus redraws, connects, shutdowns, restarts better than I would have anticipated. The redraws was very smooth and configuring the various home screens was easier to accomplish in the Optimus which surprised me.2. Ergonomics and just the way the phone feels in my hand goes to the SIII.  It just feels better in my hands when I am using it and my wife certainly agrees; oh, the SIII is lighter as well.3. The screens are both gorgeous.  If you have a high quality picture the colors on both phones are phenomenal.  If you are going to use the phone in direct sunlight then the Optimus would give you an edge in that environment.  I have my Optimus setup for 50% brightness, screen timeout after 1 minute, Large Font & front key light on for 5 seconds....again, just a wonderful screen that is easy to read.4. Battery power is fantastic with the Optimus.  I get a solid 16 hours of use with 35% remaining on the battery doing the following: a) work & personal emails (150+), text (50 back & forth) calendars appointments, notifications, and calls (8-10 calls that is 2-15 minutes).  75% of my battery usage is identified with these activities with the biggest use going to Touchdown.  I also transfer multi-MB files files using my wifi connection and utilize cloud technology for backup and picture/file sharing using the phone when needed.  This is interesting since the SIII battery should last a little longer, but doesn't in my case with alot of file transfers.  My wife is getting closer to a solid 12 hours on the SIII before plugging in but she is also on the phone more (3 times as much) but without the file transfer activities that I put both phones through (pics, vids, and music...and work docs for me to the cloud)5. The camera is better in the SIII.  My wife and sister in law's pics are sharper whereas the Optimus tend to be somewhat grainy.  While 13 meg sounds good and looks great on paper, the end result is not so good.  Having said that, you can take those pics that are grainy and run them through computer apps (GIMP, Photoshop, NeatImage & others) that would remove the grain and smooth out the pics.6. Call quality with a good signal (at least 3 bars) is very good.  In the house where our cell signal is weak (using Airvana's Airave 2.5 for a boost) my calls are a little better in terms of quality and connectivity than than my wife's SIII. If you are using an Airvana there is some type of network glitch with it communicating with the SIII.  You may get error 97 (can't text) and require the assistance from your Sprint rep.  A little tech hint:  unplug your Airvana, put your phone on airplane mode, turn on the Airvana and wait till you get all green lights, turn off the airplane mode and check to see if you can text.  Out of the house and getting a good signal both phones work great.7. Netflix viewing is nice on both smartphones and can serve as a good distraction when waiting in an airport, DMV or other places that have a wifi connection or 4G.  The SIII sounds a little better though if you are not using a headphone.8. Expandability goes to the SIII.  However, if you want to use cloud technology for saving/sharing files, then the cloud provides you better option for expandability.  Download and install the box app from the playstore, follow the instruction to register and confirm using your email from your phone.  After that process, you have 50 Gigs of available storage...nice.9. Accessories goes to the SIII as you have more selections in more places (online and local shops).Conclusion:  The Optimus is great for my use; the SIII not so much, but certainly works for my wife.  As a tech user, I would go for CPU horsepower and the Optimus certainly has that covered very nicely and is highly recommended by this user.", "Very bad camera. I bought it thinking the 13 megapixels would just be a huge improvement on my 5 mp HTC Shift.No crispness to any photo. Fuzz ball once you zoom in at all. I was absolutely shocked. I loved the phone side. Very fast, well put together, decent battery life and just a nice looking screen. But the pictures just shocked me. I went back in figuring I'd get a new phone and the gal at Sprint told me they looked fine and that's how they always looked. She had that phone and her telling me she was happy was one of the reasons I bought it. I took a picture with my old HTC, showed it to her zoomed in and compared it to one we took in the store. We then went to a display phone to see if it did the same. Exactly as bad. She is now realizing what she has. On top of that I actually do shoot kids ice hockey pictures with a Canon 50D so I wasn't expecting a lot out of a phone but this thing is woefully inadequate. Trying to Google some opinions on the bad camera in this phone seems to be a problem so I was really thinking I had a bad phone. But I guess the search is disabled for problem searching or no one has a clue. A shame too as I ended up with the new HTC One and there's not a lot of difference other then the camera is great on the HTC.", "I bought this at local Bestbuy, not on Amazon.I had the original HTC EVO 4G, and loved that phone. switched to Samsung Galaxy II Epic Touch 4G and was not happy with the GPS on that phone. now I got this and i like it.Pro- quad core, the other quad core is Samsung Note II, but it's too pricey.- 2 GB RAM. this helps a lot.- GPS is working much better vs the Samsung Galaxy II.- you can say words to take picture; i.e. cheese or lg and so on. camera quality is pretty good too.- overall, happy with everything else.Cons -- since many people really care for this here are few.- Volume is low - both ways via headphone jack and Bluetooth. I use the phone to listen to music while i drive, and both HTC Evo 4G and Samsung Galaxy II had great volume output. However, this phone I have to go few extra click on dashboard to get the higher volume. This is a big minus but don't want to take a star away for this one.- WiFi is weak, the same place I used to get 1 or more bars, now it looses signal saying no wifi in range (this is at home). Due to this I may have to move my router around which is very painful since I have a good setup in place.- not sure why but WiFi keeps turning on, I've played with the settings but can't keep it off. this is an issue when I am not at home/work and it keeps on searching for the wifi.- NO SD Card. why would u do that. I know apple doesn't have one, but there are too many people buying iPhone anyways, who doesn't care for money or technology. My dad had LG Optimus 3G the old one, and that phone sucks. you are competing against mainly Samsung and HTC; you should have put a memory card. I have 32GB SDHC card which is now useless, but it was great to have for music. I have 2 young kids, and take many videos and pictures, which fills up space very fast. Should have put the SDHC card slot.- 4G LTE is going to take a long time to come to my area.", "For a phone to be released a year ago and still be spec wise one of the best smartphones made says alot about the Optimus G. I used my upgrade and could have paid 150 for a Note 2, 140 for an S4 or or 199 for the HTC One or iPhone 5. Those were the phones in the running, in the end I was choosing the HTC or The G and laying out 0 dollars made it an easier choice. I'm sure glad I got this phone, it looks amazing, feels perfect to the touch and to hold and it runs everything so smoothly due to the quadcore processor. LG packs some features in that nobody else has and I haven't even used them yet lol so I'll let other reviews inform about those. Just look at the specs compared to other phones your looking at and let me tell you that if you get something without a quadcore aside from an iPhone then you'll regret it, there is a noticeable difference running Android on a dual core as opposed to a quad. Just don't buy the insurance here and once you activate it tell sprint to add TEP (Total equipment protection). repairs are free and a lost or stolen phone you'll pay 150.00. Well I could go on and on but I'll just repeat what others have said, I love using this phone and I have much to learn about it.", '"Lets first talk about the use of "Corning Glass" that makes up both the front and back of this phone." Corning is a American Company and has been outfitting NASA for years. They also make that material that photosensors the sun within your Transition Lenses. So therefore, you can see this Screen in most any condition which is a huge plus! This screen is huge, a little bulky but more than easy to read, clear and crisp and you get to pick the automative transitions. On all the complaints that you cannot access battery and no micro sd card, what were they thinking? LG is cutting edge and thinks about Engineering first. This is a solid phone, nothing to get into it such as a unfriendly user. With 32 gigs of RAM, you don\'t need any SD Card. But they do sell those weird mini USB port plugins with internal SD if you must. The speed of this phone is all you have ever needed. I live in a rural area and have never gotton 4G signals. I rely upon normal 3G Speed but its that quad core processing power that is more than impressive, its top in its class.This is not a cheap phone, a fly by nighter to get to the next class of phones. Its a standard that LG would like to stand by and its sure to be a top seller for them. I love the fact you can be screening a video and then at the same time pull up another screen to text and then send the text and then back to the video within the same screen. Only that processing speed and 2 gigs of memory can you do that!This is a mini-pad that can do everything you want it to do or dream up.The notepad is very cool as you just pull down the pen, pick your color and start scrbbling on any application.. you don\'t need a dedicated note pad. Fun for doodlers like me while on the phone.The Music Player is decent, everyone says the Volume is low but I\'m getting a good signal from my Bluetooth devices and can pump up the Volume from there. It needs a Audio processor but you can find a good app for that.If you are a LG person upgrading from a older Optimus to this one, DO IT! Its speaks the same language and you will be running in minutes.*Now the trick is in transferring all your old media files to LG Optimus G; Plug your old phone and new phone into seperate USB Ports on your Desktop, Laptop or Pad. You may have to download a dedicated program for the Optimus G. Now you see both Both Phones that have been given dedicated drives. You see Media, Audio, Music etc. on your old phone.. just copy over the files from your old phone to the new one. The LG Optimus G instantly reads those files and embeds then into the Media Players. I did find a problem with Videos that were coded standard MPEG 1 and 2 would not play in the Phone\'s Video Player. MP-4 was good to go. Seems to have a problem with older codecs.The true HD Widescreen or Full Screen is pretty damn amazing! This has to be the best Screen on the market for a Consumer Handheld Device... so therefore, LG.. you get 5 Stars!', "So I've owned a Galaxy S3, Evo 4g LTE, iphone 4s, galaxy nexus, Galaxy Victory, to name a few. I buy and sell phones a lot, but I usually try the phone out and see if I like it.The big 3 right now on sprint (not counting the iphone 5) would be the Evo LTE, Galaxy S3, and Optimus G. They are all similiar specs, size and OS. For the record I think Iphones are great devices I heard great things about the 5, however I'm going to just comment on the android phones.Hardware: The Optimus G is a 4.7 inch device with a decently small bezel to keep its size down. It is plastic but extremely well feeling plastic, with glass on the back with a nice etched design. It has a great kind of solid feel to it that doesn't stop it from feeling premium. There is a power and volume buttons, sadly no camera button. I like the more square design of it, I'm not as much of a fan of the extremely rounded designs. It compared the to S3 and Evo is the most comfortable to hold. It has a better build quality feel than the S3 by far I think, and I would give edge to the Evo on the build quality though, they used some great materials.Performance: Similar in performance, the Optimus obviously has the edge on specs, it has the faster quad core and it does rank higher in benchmarks. However games and applications don't really show much difference, nothing really uses any of them to their full potential. All of them are butter smooth with everything. The S3 and Optimus have the extra gb of ram, which isn't to much difference but you notice it at times.Battery: This is a topic I really care about, it's hard for me to get behind a phone with a non-removable battery. I kept my galaxy victory for so long because the battery life was so great with the stock battery. The optimus G seems to be pretty close to matching that. The standby life is great, I had it sitting at work for like 5 hours with terrible service 0-1 bars and it used like 2%. Normally I am above 50% after a full day, not that I'm a power user but I use it a decent bit. Compared to the Evo and the S3, the Evo comes close that had pretty good battery but the S3 seemed to drain decently quicker compared to them. I use the Eco mode on my optimus though which manages the processor differently i guess, I see absolutely no difference in speed but battery is better though.Screens: All are the same resolution, the Optimus uses a Super IPS i believe and it seems good enough. Colors look great and everything, the only problem is the automatic brightness is extremely passive and seems to not want to brighten up enough. Compared to the SLCD and the AMOLED it seems pretty par with them.Software: Really this isn't a huge part as you can change alot of the software. However I like LG's default software, there is actually alot you can change with the homescreen layout that I'm used to seeing in homescreen replacements on the play store. It looks clean and doesn't really get in the way. EVO's software is alright, don't hate it or love it and the S3 seems to have the most bells and whistles when it comes to software, I have to hand it to them for that.Summary: Compared to the S3 and EVO the Optimus G I think has the best feel in the hand, best performance, best battery life. It lacks a little bit on software but nothing big, wish it was made of aluminum or something but I understand not using that for signal issues.", 'I am a technology skeptic.  I do not believe any hype.  This phone exceeded my expectations for performance, ease of use, battery life and functionality.  I highly recommend this phone.', "LG knocks the other smartphones into the dust with the Optims G quad core phone. Atter about a month,  I can tell you:The quad processor, 2 gigs of RAM and Ice Cream Sandwich software make the Optimus G amazingly fast, and I'm only running it on the 3G network. The conventional Android Facebook app that took my Evo 4G about five seconds and more to load, is now up and running on the Optimus G in two seconds. Click, look, and its on.I can only imagine how monster fast this is going to become when the 4G LTE network kicks in.The Optimus G also has an absolutely  gorgeous screen. It's clarity, color accuracy, depth and brightness are teriffic and it shines through even the light of day. Most times I am running the screen at only half brightness.The camera's image and color quality are EXCELLENT, really something to write home about. It's unlike any camera phone I've used in the Android world. At 13 megapixels it is beyond par with iPhone pix. I find that it handles low light better than most point and shoots did a year ago.The battery lasts for two days at a time. That includes running a live wallpaper, picture taking, an hour of mp3s a day through Bluetooth headphones, texting, web surfing, social networking, calls, and running the alarm clock overnight.Initiially, I had some dodgy audio on phone calls, but after a month, the calls are routine with no problem on either end of the line and no dropped calls.The aesthetics of the phone are a very elegant, slim and tall, high gloss black case made of glass, front and back. It would be at home coming out of the breast pocket of a tux. And It resists smudges, front and back, EXTREMELY well.  The build qualty is top notch, too.I've found I can edit all seven screens with ease, rearrange their order easily, and share photos to texts and social networks  simply and quickly. It also woks well with my DropboxThe voice to text  and voice search mechanisms are teriffic. There have only been a couple of translations that required a tweak in a month.I also like the placement of the power, screen on/off button on the side (as opposed to the top). At 4.7 inches and tall, it lets me fire up the phone with one hand as I take it out of my pocket."]