['Like the pen...took forever to get it', 'Perfect match', 'inconsistent', 'replacement S Pen', 'totally love it', 'Exactly like the original', 'No Complaints', 'Perfect replacement', 'not as pictured but...', 'just like the original.', 'The perfect replacement stylus', 'As described', 'Great company.  Product as specified', 'Great for replacement.', 'Appears to be factory replacement', 'Perfect Replacement', 'Good Product!', 'Poor Replica of the Original S Pen', 'Crazy', 'Got a fake knock off', 'Extra, extra!!!!!', "It's real", 'good', 'Eh..', 'S-Pen Worked perfectly, glad that was so easy', 'Perfect S Pen']
[4.0, 5.0, 2.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 1.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["Ordered this Stylus pen in mid December (as a gift)...just received it a month later. If I knew it was going to take a month, I'd have purchased it locally.  Haven't used it yet so we don't know if we like it...just disappointed in the length of time it took to get it.", 'OEM...  Samsung product, not a knock off. Has seal and stamp from samsung. Match perfect with my N2  Titanium grey!', "Right of the package the S Pen had problems. It mostly works when physically touching the screen, but the hover commands don't work 90% of the time. Better than nothing, but I regret buying this.", "Haven't used it a lot, but the times I have, it has performed ok.  Really haven't used it much.  Much cheaper than the phone stores.", 'dont like to do long reviews, but i lost my s pen a while ago, and totally love this new one, works just the same, not even a single difference, very happy and would totally recommend this.', "I've never noticed any difference between either the function or the fit of this from the original that I lost.  Very good stylus.", 'This was purchased for my brother.  He did not complain about it and it using it.  If there were a problem, he would have mentioned it; therefore, the stylus is good product to use for your Samsung Galaxy Note 2 cell phone.', 'I got my pen from Electronic Geek and it was official. Packaging was sealed and official with instructions. The S Pen worked and fit perfect now my Note 2 works perfectly. Seen a lot of mixedd reviews so take note who you buy from.', "My pen did not come as pictured.The pen does have the samsung logo and the button and everything and the hover point still worked on the phone BUT the pressure tip felt loose and not as accurate, the pen also doesnt click in to the phone like the original. I've had it for a few months and it hasn't fell out so I guess this is good enough", 'I somehow lost my original stylus and was glad that this one fits perfectly.  No problem with it at all.', "My original stylus tip broke.  This is the exact replacement and fits in the stylus holder like hand in glove.  Bought another brand that claimed it was the exact replacement, but it wasn't. This one is it!", "Just as described , this is a real product from Samsung. It did not come in the box as showened in the picture but I'm very pleased with the product", "I am delighted the product was brand new in the package and was an exact match for the one that came with my Samsung Galaxy NOTE 2. I'm getting old and my hands shake so the stylus makes it much easier for me to use the keyboard. I was afraid of loosing it so I ordered two.  THANKS", 'Worked flawlessly for me after I lost my original S-Pen. All functions were there, and there were no types of calibration issues.', "This appears to be a Samsung branded product. Works perfectly. I'm not happy about the price, but it does appear to be a factory replacement for the stylus I lost.Jerry", "I lost the original pen at some point - It just wasn't there one day, and I couldn't find it.  I ordered this pen largely because it was one of the cheaper ones.  It fits perfectly, and works just as well as the original.  It fits very snugly, and I am very pleased with it.", "Works wonderful just like the original that came with the phone! Good quality product and highly recommended. You can't beat the price or the quality.", "If you are just looking for a pen to fill the empty hole than this is your pen.  I knew this was a poor replica of the original as soon as I removed it from the packaging.  It was lighter than the original and the feel of the barrel indicated that it was made of a cheap plastic.  I also had a lot of trouble depressing the button on the side and executing Air View, Gestures and Quick Commands.If your looking for a simple replacement to flip pages or select items than this S pen will be suffice (guessing this type of user gave the pen a rating of 4 or 5 stars).  If you're an avid user of the S pen you will be greatly disappointed.  I've returned the pen for a refund and plan to purchase a replacement directly from Samsung.----------------------------------------UpdateJust received my Spen directly from Samsung. It is an exact replacement of the original pen that came with my Note 2. If you're a stickler for the exact replacement get it from Samsung. The price is twice as much as this pen but worth it.", 'I got this because I lost the original one that comes with the phone. It does not work at all. It drives the phone crazy from just putting it over is at a distance. I kept it so that the space on the cellular will not be empty but I am currently using one that came with a new set of covers which works greate.......do not recomend it at all', "So got the package, at first glance it looked like a legitimate product from Samsung. After pulling the S Pen out though I could tell it was a knock off. The button was very stiff, and barely moved. Tried to take a screenshot with it, and after several tries I got it to work. That was the one and only time it worked. Now the pen is useless and I'm out almost 20 dollars on what is described as a real working S Pen for the Note 2. Be aware and don't get ripped off .", "Ordered this for my hubby to have an extra stylus, I don't trust him to keep up with the one the phone came with....so I ordered this one and am hiding it for now!", "Not much to say, except it's the real deal. This one matches my old one exactly. I ordered this because I lost my old one, and then of course it showed up the next day... So now I have a backup!", 'works like oem, good pen, no issues with anything, fit well like it should and distance was set just right.', "I lost my original S Pen and recommend just purchasing another one through your provider or through a store that carries them.. This one wouldn't collaborate with mine and the tip of the pen was different than my original S Pen. I shouldn't have to manually configure it... This one also didn't fit in my phone correctly. It did the job while I had it temporarily.. I ended up just replacing my entire phone so that I didn't have to deal with it.", 'Worked perfectly! Came in Samsung packaging. Assumed it was legit. Plugged right into note 2 holder. No setup required. That was easy!', "I got this and it's an OEM which is what I was expecting to receive in the original Samsung packaging, I am pleased and for the price it was a good deal. The seller I used was Electronic Geek. I recommend buying from them!"]