['Really good product', 'Looks elegant and works great.', 'Excellent product at a fair price!!', 'Works well with the note 3', 'Works great with Nexus 7 2013', 'Amazing Device', 'Nexus 7 FHD wireless charging here', 'No problems charging my Nexus 4 at all.', 'Low-profile, nice looking Qi wireless charging base', 'Great for Nexus 7', 'Works!', 'Nice concept but glitchy and slow in reality', 'Great product', 'Great product, Nokia!', 'Works on Windows HTC Phone', 'Works great on LG G2', 'Excellent Option', 'Works on Nexus 7 2013', 'more of a pain than plugging in a cable ... nexus 4', 'UPDATED', 'Works Great With Nexus 5', 'Works Perfectly With Droid DNA', 'Great product!', 'Works great with Lumia Icon', 'Awesome I love wireless charging! But that 750 milliamp..', 'This thing is awesome', 'Works great with my galaxy s4', 'Huge Wall Warts are Frustrating', "Nexus 4 owners, DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!", 'Super happy with this no-connect charger!', 'Not for the Nexus 4', 'awesome', 'Nexus 5', 'GREAT charger...buy it!!!  Get it!!  Use it!!!', 'Works great but smallish for phablets; proprietary power cable', 'Almost Perfect', 'Great Charger & Way to Do It!', 'Most useful invention!', 'Excellent!', 'Works through case SGS3..most of the time', 'Att Note 2', 'Great gift & convenient', 'Stays right next to my bed... Perfect.', 'Great little thing!', 'Nokia, always on top', 'Works fine, nice size, not great for glass phone backs']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 1.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0]
["This is my first experience with Qi technology and i am very happy with the performance, fast charge for my Lumia 1520 i think this product increase the life of the micro USB phone's connector, the plate is smaller than i had in mind, the yellow color looks cute, the long cord is perfect for put the plate on my desk and connect the cord on the floor.", 'The small form factor and nice lines make this look great on your desk. Charging works exactly as it should.', 'Worked as advertised, I nocticed when you charge have your cord end of phone facing the cord ens of wireless charger for best results!', "Charges a lot slower than plugging my phone in, but it works and it's significantly cheaper than getting the samsung version. I'm using the note 3 with this.", 'This is my first wireless changing plate.  I was skeptical, but my 4 year old messed up the micro-usb charging cord that same week I for the new Nexus.  Given that the Nexus is somewhat picky about the cord, I decided to give wireless changing a go.  I have to say I was impressed!  I simply lay the Nexus on the charging plate, and it charges at about the same speed (maybe a tad slower) as being plugged in.I ordered a wireless charging adapter for my Galaxy S4.From all of the reviews I have read, I would stick with a name brand charging plate, Like this one. Some of the cheaper knocks-offs seem to have range issues for very tiny charging areas.', "I do not like the tiny charging plugs on today's phone and they seem to get loose and wear out easily. This device  means I don't need to plug in my Nokia Lumia 920  much anymore, just place it on the charging plate...and done! It is a very well made device solid and high quality...typical Nokia quality!No idea how it works but it is a super idea, very convenient. It seems to charge about as fast as plugging it in....I recommend this to anyone!", "Wanted to leave a quick review talking about using this with something other than the advertised device. It works great with my Nexus 7 FHD (2013). And I have a leather somewhat thick case on it. It is slightly picky about where I place the device to engage wireless charging, but as long as I'm just somewhere near the middle of the device, having the tablet oriented vertically or horizontally, it starts charging immediately. When it starts charging, my tablet (not the charger) makes a little beep (only if I have the volume up) and a small white light comes on the charger. I don't find the light too distracting, did take me 2 nights to get used to; I like to sleep in a cave, and while the light barely puts out any light at all it seemed like it was all I could see the first night. The rate it charges the tablet seems 100% equal to plugging it in, but I can't vouch for that because I only use it at night.This charger does exactly what I wanted it for. I want to use my tablet until I'm almost asleep, then just place it on my nightstand without having to pay attention to finding the charging cord, feeling for the proper orientation for insertion, then finding the port with my finger on the bottom of the tablet. I'm a very picky consumer, but I really can't think of anything that could be better about this charging plate.", "Before I ordered this charger, I was a little bit scared about the other reviews, but I have seen the same kind of reviews for others brand too, so I gave a try. I can tell you, this charger charge my phone very well, a it is not big, you have to place you phone almost 1/2 inch far from he edge (led side). Check your phone to be sure that it is in charge mode and forget the thing, you phone will be charged when you need. It does not charge as fast as a normal charge, but this is a wireless charger. It's a good one to have in your office or home, so when you are not using your phone, just let it rest in the charger. If you are looking for a fast charger or a travel one, you should by a plugged one.", 'Looks good in my office, adds a nice splash of color, but is very small and unobtrusive.Only improvement would be if the cord was a standard micro-usb', 'I got this charger for my Nexus 7 when it was on sale. I never used wireless charging before but decided to give it a try. I have read about people having trouble getting devices, especially tablets, to sit correctly on wireless pads for charging. I have not encountered this problem with this charger and the Nexus 7. I enjoy the convenience of just putting my tablet on the pad and easily charging it.', "Love wireless charging!  This one works just as good as any other I've owned.  And Nokia always makes quality products. One of my favorite parts is that this one has no ridiculous beeping upon charging or &#34;charged&#34; and that's great when it's positioned on a night stand. Highly recommend.", "I got two of these recently when I purchased a couple of phones and have been using them for a few months now. They both work to charge my Nokia Lumia Icon and my Lumia 928. The charging plates are however much, much slower than plugging the phone into the wall to charge. Also, the phone has to be put on the charging plate just right for it to take a charge. If it's not perfectly centered, then the phone just sits there with nothing happening. There is a blinking white light to get your attention if it detects improper positioning, but it is easily missed. Many times I have picked up my phone in the morning only to find it dead because it wasn't on the plate just right. Another (big) issue with the wireless charging plate is that it creates interference with the touchscreen on my Nokia Lumia Icon. In other words the plate causes the touchscreen to register false touch presses. If the screen is still on when you place the phone on the charger, the charger will often prevent the screen from turning off. You then are left with your phone always on because it thinks someone is touching the touchscreen. In fact, it will even open apps and start games by itself sometimes. I am assuming that the electromagnetic field that the charging plate creates is just strong enough to interact with the sensors on the touchscreen. Very annoying as I don't like closing apps & games or cancelling a text every time I put my phone on the charger. All in all, the charging plate is a nice concept. I love the fact that I don't need a special case for it to work with either of my phones but in reality the charging plate needs a lot of work before I can recommend that everyone get one.", 'So much nicer than having to plug your phone in. The charging port on my last phone was getting to be unreliable so I love the capacitive charging capabilities of my Droid Maxx. It will charge without having to remove my TPU case which is great. The charging area is large enough that I do not have a tough time lining the phone up to charge.', 'These things are just great to have in various locations around the home and office.  For those who do not yet have wireless charging, it is pretty nice to just flop your phone onto one of these things and grab a charge. I actually modded one into my car and it works great with one caveat, when running an offline GPS Nav app, the charger cannot deliver enough power to prevent slow battery discharge.  I am just guessing that it delivers about the same power as a 1.1 amp wired charger when really a 2 amp source is needed. Apart from this one isolated and unusual situation, this thing works great.', 'I purchased this to go with my HTC Windows Phone.  Works like a champ - I just drop my phone on it on by bed stand and it charges overnight.', 'This works perfectly on my LG G2, the placement of the phone has to be in a particular spot however.', "Great item.  No more finding the cord and making sure it is oriented the right way.  Just put your phone on top and it's charging.", 'Bought it for my Nexus 7 2013 and working well so far.  I have not added a case to the Nexus yet, waiting for it to ship but the DT-900 is working fine.  One minor issue is the light on the Dt-900 is not going off when the Nexus is fully charged, the documentation suggests it should, however, I am using the DayDream feature on the Nexus which does keep the screen on which may be tricking the DT900 into thinking the unit is not fully charged.  Anyway, it is easy to center the Nexus over the DT-900 even though it is much smaller than the Nexus and is certainly charging the unit.', "after a lot of experimentation, i was able to place the device in such a way that it would charge. if it's off by millimeters (literally), it will alternate between charging and not charging.  in addition, the surface isn't tacky, so the slightest bump will put it out of alignment. if you bump the table you are going to wake up to a drained battery.wireless charging is a great idea, but the idea is for it to be is simpler / quicker than plugging in a cable. at least with the nexus 4, this product fails.", "Got this for a Nexus 4 as a secondary wireless charger. Haven't had any problems with placement on the charger.UPDATEAfter about 3 weeks the charger had issues locking onto my phone. Its so inconsistent at this point that I can't rely on it to charge my phone.", 'I bought this to charge my Nexus 5 at work.  IT worked so well and is so convenient, that I bought another for home.  Wireless charging is one of those things you don;t miss until you experience it for the first time, and then you wonder how you ever lived without it.', "I already had the version of this charger that includes a stand, and I got this as a travel option for my Droid DNA. Worked exactly as I wanted, can't ask for more than that.", "I received this wonderful wireless charging plate as a gift from a friend and I'm totally in love with it. It easily charges my NOKIA Lumia 920. Five stars!", "I picked one of these up about three months go, but then the Lumia Icon kept being pushed back from the leaked possible release dates. Finally it was out, and I got to actually use this thing that had been sitting in a box for over 100 days...Works fine, it's own proprietary power plug with a power connection on both ends between the plug at the outlet and the device itself, so you won't be using it for anything else, or use another plug such as a USB charging plug to power this.Size is fine, although I wish the light was a bit brighter, since my Icon is a 5&#34; device, so if I lay it on here with the same orientation, I can't see the light to verify it's charging.  I've taken to putting my phone on here perpendicular to the charging pad, so I can still see the light.Works great, it doesn't have to be &#34;just exactly right&#34; to work, as I've noted above I rotate my phone 90 degrees to put on here so I can see the light.Got one online here, and another at a local brick and mortar when they had them for so cheap on sale.  One at home, one at the office, and both have been stellar so far.", 'Fast shipping, awesome! Though the 750 output causes some slow charging on my Nexus 5 (obviously not designed for my phone, but still, other Qi charges output 1 amp)', 'I got one of these free when I bought my Lumia 920 and loved it so much i bought another for my wife. It is nice to not need to find a plug and fish it out after it falls off the table. I also have a job where I can get phone calls at all hours and it is super nice to be able to anwser the phone and then just lay it back on the pad. Much less effort than finding and plugging in wires.', "Bought a little charging pad to put on my galaxy s4 and this works perfectly with it even in a case. Also worked with a Lumia 928 I had, no issues and doesn't seem finicky at all either.", "The product works great, but it's very frustrating to deal with such a large wall wart. This thing is massive. I also found it kind of strange that the cable connecting the wall wart to the charging plate is completely removable. I guess you could customize your colors a bit more, but it still seems a little silly to me.The plate has a small rubber circle around the word &#34;Nokia&#34; which prevents the phone from sliding more than necessary. The size is also perfect -- slightly smaller than your average smart phone. There is also a rubber strip lining the underside which prevents the charging plate from sliding much at all.I don't even have a DT-900. I just wanted a Qi compatible charger that looked nice, and this fit. I would recommend it to anyone needing a Qi charger.", "WARNING:  THIS IS FOR FOLKS WITH A NEXUS 4 CONSIDERING PURCHASING THIS.So I rated this charger &#34;OK&#34;.  But the truth is it's of no fault of it's own.  In fact I like the look of the charger but for my specific application (for use with my Nexus 4) it didn't work out.The problem...The charger is small, yet thick.  Your phone is going to be larger than the puck itself.  Not a problem for Nokia specific owners I'm sure but Nexus 4 owners have phones with a glass back.  this doesn't have any sort of rubber to keep your phone from sliding right off.  Anyone with a Nexus 4 or even Optimus G knows that glass back makes the phone slide right off of everything.Including this charger.  So unless you rig some sort of anti-slip rubber on it, Nexus 4 owners it won't work for you from a &#34;keep my phone from sliding off&#34; standpoint.  But it does charge it properly.", "Why didn't I try one of these sooner for some phone I had along the way? No idea. My Nokia Icon 929 charges perfectly and it's then &#34;grab and go&#34; - no fiddling to undo a connection or anything like that. It also charges through the two different cases I have - one a &#34;wallet&#34; type, the other silicone but heavy-weight. Could I be any happier with this? I doubt it!!! :)", "bought this last friday from AT&T; (i have a company discount so it cost my $37. i bought it for my nexus 4, so this review is for people looking to us this on a nexus 4. I read the reviews form others before i went out and purchased this, so i went in, eyes wide open. that being said; this charger is NOT for the nexus 4. someone posted that it puts out something like half the charging power the n4 needs (which considering how slow it is and the fact that it can't fully charge my n4, i believe is accurate. the combination of the n4's glass back and the nokia charger's small size means your phone my move off the charger and stop charging.I'm keeping the charger because i got it cheaply enough, but i'll keep it at work just to trickle charge it so when i leave it is decently charged. in other words i'm not expecting a lot from this charger. if you are expecting a charger to charge you n4 fully andat a decent rate, this charger is most definitely not for you. i won't give it one star because i already knew what i was getting, and the charger looks and feels well made and was made for a particular phone in  mind (nokia 920)but it is toted as a qi charger and one assumes that it would work with qi compatible devices. that being said, who know who to point the finger at for this failingg; nokia? google? the qi consortium? don't know. just be warned.", "Honestly you don't know what you've been missing until you use a charger of these. Nothing more comfortable and practical that placed the phone and ready! without having to plug the mini USB cable to the phone, you can take several times for few seconds the phone, check and return it to charger without bother you a single second. Load relatively quickly. If you are doubting have a charger like these and can pay the price don't think more, you don't regret.", 'Bought it to charge my new Nexus 5. It took 3 hours to fully charge the phone (from 5%) with a Cruzerlite Bugdroid on. I will keep updating in case anything goes wrong. Not a bad charger to keep near your bed.for office the DT-910 is a  good choice.', "This was a replacement for a previous one which I BROKE.  I love this charger and can't live without it.  I would highly recommend it.  You don't need to plug your phone in, just sit it on it.  I love it!!!!", "UPDATED:  I'm using it with my Galaxy Note 3, which WAS using the Docooler Qi receiver available here on Amazon.  It was always very picky at connecting, and since I didn't have the same problem with my Tylt Vu, I blamed the DT-900....and then came the day, I couldn't charge my phone on either Qi charger.Turns out my Docooler was defective from the beginning, and within months, it died completely - past any return window, of course. I replaced the Docooler with theUltra-thin 0.5mm Qi Wireless Charging Receiver Card Coil for Samsung Galaxy Note III 3 N9005 N9500 with Full NFC Support.  To my pleasant surprise, the DT-900 now works flawlessly, whereas previously I had to fiddle extensively with placement to make my phone charge.  I've therefore upgraded my rating to four stars - one star is dinged because they should have used a micro-usb port instead of a proprietary charging cable and adapter. Lose or damage the cable or wall wart, and you are out of luck.  I also didn't like that the proprietary wall charger it shipped with is white, when the charge plate and cable are black.While it seems common to have the charging plates much smaller than the devices they're charging (some I've seen are tiny!), as a cat owner, I confess to worrying sometimes about how my expensive, large phone overhangs the comparatively small oval that comprises the DT-900 charge plate.  Why?  I suspect my phone is one perfectly positioned cat leap from being catapulted (pun intended) off my desk.Overall, I personally prefer my Tylt Vu, but given how expensive it is, the DT-900 makes a great second Qi charger - or primary charger if the Tylt Vu doesn't suit your taste or budget.", "Used With: Galaxy Note II on Nightstand & Office DeskLikes: Large charging sweet spot, effective charging, rubberized landing area, nice lookingCons: No USB connections, rubber can smudgeI got this for my Note 2 and it works great. At night when I'm going to sleep, tossing and turning at night, or waking up, I can easily lay my phone on this charger on my nightstand. This lets me 1) listen to lectures or music or sounds to help fall back to sleep and 2) not have to worry about what the charge will be in the morning. I used to keep a USB plug near my bed but it was annoying because I would lose track of the plug when groggy, etc. I liked this device so much I bought a second for my office.", "Honestly you don't know what you've been missing until you use a charger of these. Nothing more comfortable and practical that placed the phone and ready! without having to plug the mini USB cable to the phone, you can take several times for few seconds the phone, check and return it to charger without bother you a single second. Load relatively quickly. If you are doubting have a charger like these and can pay the price don't think more, you don't regret.", 'I become a great lover of wireless charging: it\'s really useful feature, can say - "must have feature"! And DT-900 is a great charger - tiny, elegant and very efficient, I really like this product.A few words about seller, "Keystone West" company: customer service is really AWESOME and TERRIFIC! Very prompt, very helpful and friendly - can recommend to everyone! Thank you guys!', "I use it for my Nexus 7 (2013) with a Poetic case on it and it works flawlessly. Couldn't ask for better!", 'This is well worth the investment for the convenience of just setting my phone on my bed shelf headboard at night and having it charge. Before, I kept having to track down the cable, which usually fell beside or behind the bed somewhere and plug in the phone. I always seemed to snag the cable somehow while sleeping and it would come unplugged or the phone would disappear somewhere in the bed or floor.Stay away from the cheapy route of Palm touchstone option.Learned the hard way that the cheaper Palm Touchstone wireless charger setup doesn\'t work with a case on...in fact that whole setup sucked...phone never stayed on the Palm touchstone right even with the case off.I got this Nokia charger pad and this insert adapter for my Samsung S3 (Verizon): Qi wireless Charger receiver pad for Samsung Galaxy S3 S9300I can confirm that this setup works perfectly through my case(GreatShield Guardian S Series Slim-Fit S-Line Design TPU Case for Samsung Galaxy S3 - Black)It does sometimes take a few tries to get the position right...or something...a few times now I have set the phone on the pad, the phone will beep and light up and say charging, after 2 min the screen timeout...but then the Nokia pad starts blinking, which indicates "Charging error". Resetting the phone on the pad and its fine....The pad is a bit slimmer than the S3, but its so easy to center the back of the phone to the round circle on the charger base. Just set it there and it charges(usually). Yes, the phone beeps and turn the screen on to say its charging, just as it does when you plug in the cable charger. The charging pad itself makes no sounds.This Nokia has a tiny white led light at the front end of it that lights when charging. The led is very dim, which is good for use at night(no deathbeam led here...lol). Seems to charge a bit slower than through the usb cord, but that is to be expected I guess.The power adapter for this thing is quite large and it takes a custom, very tiny barrel type ac adapter cable, not a usb cable charger cable...so don\'t lose the cable. The different colors of this charger mat they offer are nice, the cable that attaches the power brick is the same color too, but the power adapter itself is white...what\'s with that?The charging adapter you put under you back cover causes a slight bulge, and it takes pressure to snap the back cover on fully, but it does close completely.Definitely get this and that insert adapter if you want Wireless charging on your S3!', "The folks who sell the receiver , the small sticker you place on top of your battery , works well with this charging pad. I have an ATT Note 2 I purchased off Amazon Wireless and this pad works perfectly . I have read where some versions of the Note 2 does not support wireless charging. That being said , the Note 2 I purchased from Amazon works perfect. The sellers of the receiver you place on top of your battery is around $10.00 , no special back cover . The original back cover works well . Just do your homework and you will not regret buying this Nokia DT-900 charging pad. Nokia  , in my opinion , makes very good products. I don't want to cut Amazon out of the deal , but you can purchase this Nokia charging pad from , believe it or not from ATT rite now for $24.50 plus tax and free shipping. The future is wireless charging and the Qi standard is here to stay , in my opinion!", 'Gave it to someone as a graduation present for his Nexus 4 and he loves it. The phone needs to be placed properly for it to charge but it works. Also if it keeps blinking "charge on" charging off" give it a few times to cycle then it\'ll stay on "Charge on"', "Well, no more connecting cables on my phone. Every night before going to bed, i just put it on the plate and there you go. The only thing they should change its it format, to a circle (round) one. That way, it doesn't matter which angle you put it would charge.Anyway, i highly recommend this product. Congratulation nokia for another great product.", "This is one of the best little gadgets I own! I wasn't sure if this would work with my Trident Aegis case, but sure enough, it does. So one thing to note about it, is that it does warm a little at times if the battery is really low and it has to charge up a bunch. However, the level of heat is really nothing to warrant any concern or even raise any eyebrows, simply making the case warm to the touch. I would assume that underneath the case, that the phone itself is probably warmer, but as we all know, any device warms when charging. Just saying that you might notice a bit of warmth when you pick it up.There is a slight few seconds of delay when you first place the phone onto the plate before it registers the device and starts charging, maybe 1-2 seconds at most, then you're all good to go, so don't be alarmed if it doesn't recognize the phone as soon as you place it down on the plate.  One thing to note that it seems to go into a dormant, or sleep mode when it doesn't have a device on it, so you don't have to worry about it continually draining power (for those of a &#34;greener state of mind&#34;). Charges as well as if my device was plugged in as near as I can tell.  I've been using this charger for a little over a week now, and couldn't be happier with it. Love being able to just 'grab and go' and 'drop and charge.' Super convenient!  Get it! You'll love it!", 'Top of the line product. Always works with their phones well.Understand though, Nexus 4 has some issues with it.', "I picked up one of these from Verizon because the third party merchants are selling it for more than I'd like. I bought it for use with my Nexus 4, but the small grippy circle isn't enough to keep it from sliding off. My solution was to wrap a rubber band around the charger, for which I added a picture. Not a great solution, since it lifts it slightly off the charger, but it gets the job done. I'd considered theEnergizercharger, but it looks like it would have even more of an issue with sliding. TheLG WCP-700inductive charger that I also own seems to do the best job, but they are nowhere to be found except eBay for far too much.Update: Dropped another star because it sometimes goes through this on/off cycle when I put my Nexus 4 down on the plate initially. It looks like there's some kind of weird capacitance issue going on because it somehow manages to trigger digits on the lock screen when that happens. After a minute or so, it settles down, but I've never seen that on my LG charger."]