['Absolutely adorable!', 'WHAT A NICE SURPRISE!!!', 'Family Joke', 'Nice', 'phone accessory', 'cute', 'Darling little Monkey', 'love the accessory', 'Monkey :/', 'monkey', 'its ok.....', 'I love my monkey!']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0, 3.0, 2.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0]
["What a steal at the price for the quality of this item: it's the perfect size, exactly as pictured, and durable. I haven't had a stone fall out or any trouble with wear and tear. I've gotten so many compliments and it really brightens up my phone and day. I wish the seller had more plug accessories like this, I'd definitely buy more!", 'I LOVE this plug and I have quite a few of them! I was not expecting it to be so substantial, but it is! It has a nice weight to it, and it is a nice size! It is not &#34;puny&#34; at all! It sparkles brilliantly and has not come out of my phone yet. (I had a problem with some of them slipping out). I am really happy with this purchase, and am going to go back to this seller to see what else they have!', 'Wife was surprised and amused by her new pet. We spend a lot of time near sand and she rarely uses headphones with her phone so this was as a precaution and the simple fact that it was a monkey just made it better.', 'This is a nice earphone jack. It was a little larger than I would like, I may give it away, but it is beautiful and the price was nice.', 'I always love to buy little gadgets to jazz up my phone and this was so cute I had to get it so far I am the envy of this little bear.', 'its cute but i didnt realize how big it was until i got it - and now i have a iphone 5 so i cant even use it but it is cute and it is worth the money', 'Giving this item to my daughter , she is in a club called &#34;The Plot Monkeys&#34; and I know she will love it', "But the top is heavy and the flimsy plastic stand doesn't keep it on for long.  Keeps falling off.  so just using it as a desk ornament.  should have been on a steel post.", "This was pretty heavy which I like but it didn't want to stay in my iPhone very well an got caught in my hair lol", 'Very cute, good quality and comes in a nice box! I would definitely order him again. I do wish it came in more color selections.', "now i just want youto know i would be giving this a five star review if it wasn't for the fact that this monkey is...HUGE!!!! lol. i expected a cute little monkey head and it is not little by any means. and everything else about it is perfect, the shipping time the product itself but darn....its humongous!!!lol so maybe i feel a little ad about the 3 stars but it was shockingly big and i dont know if i myself personally will be rocking the big huge monkey head.....i think my daughter will get this one", 'He is just darling. It is made with quality, it is not plastic. It fits in my earphone jack perfectly. I am so glad that I bought it.']