['Nice!', 'Defective cellphone chargers', 'Works Great!', 'Galaxay 3S charger', "Didn't work", 'Works as required', 'Good inexpensive product.', 'Five Stars', 'Great Galaxy Charger!', 'S3 users will love it!', 'It is not all that...', 'Samsung Galaxy S3 Wall Charge', 'Fast deliverly', 'generic charger', 'Black Wall charger', 'Loved it!', 'Stop working after 5 days', 'It does the job', 'Good', 'Just OK', 'Amazom.com black wall charger', 'Excellent!', 'Perfect']
[5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0]
['The charger works, it is a very affordable price. It works great on my husbands Samsung Galaxy S3. It has this light blue light, when you are charging the phone up...Nice Work!', 'I have written this review before, the cellphone chargers did not work. A spark came out of one of the chargers. I discarded them.', 'I purchased this so I had an extra charger and it works great!  I received it when I was supposed to and the packaging was fine.  Definitely worth getting if you are looking for a charger.', 'The product price was real inexpensive and works just as well as the name brand. I bought 2. One for travel and one to leave in my office. It shipped real quickly.', "Recv'd device and tried it on 3 different phones and didn't work on any of the devices. Contacted seeler and they agreed to send another charge free of charge. Will update feedback more after receiving and trying the 2nd charger.", 'This product works as described. I have had no problems with this item. This item also arrived within the time frame quoted. Also coould not beat the price.', "Hey if you are looking for a replacement or gift chargers, this is a good product.  Don't spend a ton of money buying some fancy name brand unit. I bought several of these to have extra ones around the house. So when I am at the sofa watching TV I can have my phone charge and don't have to get up.  Also put one in my bedroom near the bed and put one in the kitchen counter. They work fine no problems. And they arrived fast with regular shipping.", 'works well', "I lost my old charger and this works great for any Samsung phone.  Can't be the price too. Might have to get a couple more for road trips.", 'Have had it a few months and seems to still work perfectly and is my main charger for on the go trips.  I am very happy with this for the great price and extremely fast shipping!', "Its a piece of bootleg crap and Amazon should be ashame to send me this mess when I charge my phone with this crappy charger my phone start doin all kinds of stuff it goes to screens I did'nt even tap on like I said yall should be ashame to send me this mess to charge my phone with plus its charges kind of slow anyway shame on yall for sellin this bootleg Samsung charger sell people top notch stuff lames and give me my $3 back...", "I love these..they're a great price and I always have 3 of them.  One for the living room, one for the bedroom & one to take with me whenever I leave the house.", "Always need an extra on standby. Works great and the price is unbeatable. Fast delivery and great price. I don't leave home without it.", 'This is a generic charger no samsung branded. I bought this charger as a spare for work, my samsung charger charges my phone in about an hour this charger takes about 1.5 almost two hours not sure why, but still gets the job done.', 'I purchased as a replacement for a samsung bluetooth. it works great and have not had any issues. I believe a very good tool for use.', 'It has been so helpful I would buy another & the price is just perfect most place charge & arm & a leg', 'not very pleased with this one. It stopped working after 5 days. i will not order again. but the price was cheap. Its a chance u take', 'It works for my galaxy cellphone.  I would recommend it as a good buy.  If you like me buy two one for home and one for work', 'This charger was a good length, and charged my Samsung Galaxy s3 just fine. It worked for awhile as well', 'Worked for several months and now there is a short in it. Have ordered another charger to replace this one.', 'Works good item as stated cord long enoungh to reach from wall to bed would order again price good package excelete order easy', 'Got this for my sister-in-law after hers just quit working one day.  I knew Amazon had them far cheaper and she could get it over-night with my Prime.  She was stunned at the low price and quick delivery.  It works like a champ!', 'This charger works beautifully. Now I can keep the original at hone and keep this one at work so I never run out of power. Awesome.']