['Avoid this product', 'high quality replacement', 'Does not fit the iphone 4S properly', 'Good for the price', 'Cheap, easy replacement', 'Great product make sure you have the same model', 'So easy!  Great product!', 'Great', ':D', 'Just like the original back cover', 'Great Back!', 'Works great', 'Great Replacement', 'ShopCellParts - do not buy from that seller', 'looks OEM, remember to remove the plastic over the camera opening.', 'Looks like New!', 'Perfect Fit!', 'It will work', 'Mehhh']
[2.0, 5.0, 1.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0]
["This broke after a few days.  Also, the cover hindered the photo quality of the iPhone 4S and I wouldn't recommend. I did however like the look of the backing.", 'I fix many iPhones and this back cover is just as high of quality when compared to an original Apple cover. I will continue to buy this product.', "This product just does not fit.  I tried for 15 minutes to slide it in, putting the original door on to see how it should fit, then going back to this back cover and trying to make it fit.  Finally tried to push it in with some force and of course it cracked.  Waste of money.  Can't return it without paying for shipping so in the trash it goes.  Other reviews mention fit issue, I chose to ignore them and paid the price.", 'I\'ve ordered several of these and they\'ve all fit correctly. It seems like the "glass" will crack with less pressure applied than the OEM cover but I haven\'t had any break on me during installation. If the camera is blurry after putting this on, check the clear lens cover for a removable film. You may have to dig at it for it to come off.', "This part fits as well as the original and is probably a whole lot less damaged than your original.  The front of the 4s may have super-tough gorilla glass but the back doesn't so it gets scratched easily.  It's an easy replacement and it makes a surprising difference as long as the rest of your case is in good shape.", 'great color and looks like the original would buy another if I ever needed another, would also recommend to others with the same model phone.', 'Wow, was that easy!  It looks exactly the same.  I cracked the back of my iPhone and was going to take it to get replaced at $70.00.  I ordered it and looked on youtube to for directions.  It took me less than 5 minutes.  It is the same product as the original.  Great deal! Less than $6.00 with shipping.', 'Great product for the $$$ it was super easy to install and came with a screwdriver. Fits phone perfectly. Good product', 'i chose this rating because i t is fresh cool back panel for iphone and it looks like an original !!', "This fit my iphone 4s perfectly.  The back looks exactly like the one it replaces.Overally I'd recommend this cover.  It might be made from plastic, but I can't be sure... I'd never know unless I break the thing.I don't know how scratch resistant it is either... I usually use screen protectors on my phone's.So far.. so good.", 'Back housing was very easy to install and it was cost efficient.  I would buy thid product again for my fixes.', 'At first i was scared to buy it, but then when i got it int the mail about 3 days later, I knew I made a good choice. The glass fit good, and looks like the original with all of its logos. Love It', "My daughter cracked the back of her phone when she dropped it on our driveway.  This was fairly priced, arrived quickly, and you can't tell it from the original.  The item was packed well and came with the special little screw driver needed to install the cover.", "This is a joke. An insult to any homo sapiens with average vision. This thing not only looks fake, but it's absolutely useless due to the following reasons: the camera lens is made of a cheap plastic and scratches super easy, the item comes with a white, non transparent, sticky protective cover on top of it, which leaves gunk on the lens cover. You cannot clean that glue with alcohol or goo gone, I am not sure what the adhesive is. Takes a lot of work. The lens cover is not recessed like the OEM design, it's actually sticking out, so when you put your phone on the table, the lens are the first ones to get the hit. Incredibly stupid. The color is way off, and the metallic type at the bottom does not look like the OEM part at all. It's bad, poor quality, pathetic excuse for an iPhone back.So that's the product I got from ShopCellParts. Try your luck with another seller, maybe you'll get the right stuff.", "1st one came cracked but the seller replaced it asap after contact (ShopCellParts)easy to replace - looks like original. no issues. It did come with the special screwdriver. Also remember to remove the plastic liner off the camera 'hole' -was not easy to see but the photos were coming out poor until I found out about it somewhere on the reviews here.", "this part looks and fits just like oem. just make sure you buy the right part! there's a few different ones for the iphone 4", 'This fit perfectly and had no issues trying to replace.  I highly reccommend this product for anyone needing to replace a back. YouTube gave good directions too!', 'Bought this replacement back due to a cracked one. It fit a little snug at first but after convincing it to go on it sits fine.', "Cheap and easy to put on although I do feel as if this one is easier to break then the original maybe I'm just clumsy but this does the job for the price I suppose"]