['These are great for Android fans', 'Fits like a glove, looks rad', 'Protect my Nexus 7', 'I love this case!', 'Show your Android love.', 'Great protection, design and build for a case.', 'Cruzerlite never disappoints!']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["This is the 3rd Cruzerlite case I've bought.  The first two were for my phone and now for my tablet.  These cases are really high quality, look cool, and are cheaply priced.  Now both my Android devices match.", "I really think this is an awesome case.  I did a video review on the case. If you'd like to check it out, visit the DroidDog channel on YouTube and you'd find it there.  Here are some points I want to make about this great looking case:Pros:-Great fit for the Nexus 7-All ports are accessible with the case on. It wouldn't have my recommendation if this wasn't the case.-Shock absorbent-Scratch resistant-Android Andy!-Looks awesome. It's fun to add a little color to the drab gray Nexus 7 back.-Doesn't add excessive bulk.  The device still feels great in the hand.Cons:-My only con would be that the glossy parts of the case back show fingerprints pretty heavily.  I think it has something to do with it being glossy and the device having a dark back underneath.  I haven't noticed this issue with the Androidified cases on white devices.", "I bought the clear Androidified case for my wife's GNex and a black Androidified case for my Nexus 7. Both fit perfect and the cutouts align well. I love how the gig Android design just stands out. I will definitely buy more designs from Cruzerlite.", "I wanted my Nexus 7 to have a case that wasn't too bulky, but still have the protection it needs. This case is perfect! The green is much more vibrant than the image. It's a great purchase that you will not regret!", "Especially on a Nexus, I want to show off my Android fanaticism, and the Androidified A2 case from Cruzerlite does just that. It's a lovely TPU case with a half-gloss, half-matte feel on the back, and it features ribbed sides for extra grip and comfort in the hand. The lip in the front does a great job protecting the screen from scratching on surfaces, and there's a slit in the back for the speaker grill that prevents any speaker muffling. The hardware buttons of the Nexus 7 are actually a bit easier to find and use with the case on. I'm a big fan and I'd recommend this case to anyone with a Nexus 7.", 'I got this Cruzerlite A2 case after having the same case on my EVO LTE.  It provides a great grippy feel as well as a sturdy protection case.  It holds up well and does not show signs of wear.  It fit well around the device and does not add any bulk to the device.  The device still feels thin and fully functional.  I even think the device is much better to hold because of the design of the sides of the case.Once you have one of these cases you will want to add them to future or existing devices.  I liked the case so much I also bought a green case to match.  Now I can interchange for whatever mood I am in. Best case for the money.', 'I have been happy with every case I have received from Cruzerlite. This works well with our 2012 Nexus 7 and my daughter loved the pink color']