['Amazing cover', 'Nice', 'Nice case', 'Cute!', 'Worst case', 'Beware - Back Screen Protector Issue', 'Its OK if you know what you are getting', 'Nice case', 'elago S5 Glide Case for iPhone 5S', 'Nice color, but slippery!', 'My first iPhone 5s case', 'Eh.', 'Great Case , but one caveat!', 'Great Color and Quality', 'BEST YET', 'Flimsy and too tight', 'Good case', 'Different Shades of Yellow', 'Slim and sleek case', 'Great case and nice color!', "Doesn't hold up well", "Doesn't work well with screen protectors :/", 'Simple and stylish case', 'Good case', 'really good quality case considering its a hardshell case', 'Great case', 'Wonderful case!', 'Usually good cases', 'http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ADGZDIA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_7', "Doesn't work with Zagg Invisibleshield", 'Not the colors I expected', 'Decent case', 'Great protection.....', 'Fast Shipping. Sleek design']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 2.0, 5.0, 4.0, 2.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 2.0, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0]
['Great cover, fits great, very soft finish, the color is the same in the picture, looks perfect on my iphone', 'Only bad thing: my Zagg protector was torn off & we all know how expensive those are! I am afraid to waste time, money, energy putting one back on.', 'Nice case and it fits perfectly, but it is  very glossy and slippery. Slips out of my hands very easily.', 'Nice case. Pretty color. Got dirty really fast but is durable. I hate dirty cases so I did switch it out. I might opt for black next time.', "This turned out to be the worst case ever. It's very smooth and can slip out of your hand, but it also is easy to take in and out of a pocket, which is quite handy. The color I chose (red) is true to the advertisement, very bright and deep fire-engine red. It fits very tightly on my iPhone 5S, but it seemed fairly easy to get the top of the case on because the bottom slides off and you can slide the phone up into it. Then you slide the bottom of the case on and snap it in place. It was difficult to snap into place, but once snapped on, it was very tight and snug-fitting. Then I noticed the screen protector was bulging near the too-tight edges of the case, so I tried to take the bottom piece off to remove the case, but once on, it was determined to stay on. I actually had to use pliers and break it off the iPhone, luckily with no damage to the phone. I smoothed the screen protector down again, and am awaiting another case, a different brand. I can't recommend this one in any way.", "The Good:  I purchased the &#34;Soft Feeling Champagne Gold&#34; for my iPhone 5s, the color is outstanding and exactly as advertised.  Love the front lip that keeps your screen separated from any surface you place it on.  I also anticipate that it probably does a good job of protecting your phone.The Bad:  When I received this item I was so excited that I dismissed the fact that the phone seemed to provide resistance when sliding the top portion on and I proceeded to shove it on.  About 2mm shy of being fully in place it dawned on me that it just seemed too tight and was lifting my front screen protector.  When I tried to remove it, it would not budge at ALL!  I work for a computer manufacturer service center so we have all sorts of tools for this kind of job.  Multiple attempts by repair techs and the case would not come off.  We came to the conclusion that it was experiencing friction with the rear screen protector and the case would have to be cut off, and so that is exactly what we did.  Thankfully I had the Spigen PET film on the back which protected the phone while we proceeded to cut the case off.Customer Support:  I have learned that if you want support, reach out to manufacturers on Twitter.  Elago responded to my photo of their cut up case in a few minutes and advised that they would provide me with a new case. The PR manager stated &#34;For our Glide cases to work, you would have to use our screen protectors; this is due to the very precise fit of the Glide series cases.  Any film that adds bulk to your phone causes such errors in removing the case&#34;.Conclusion: Do not apply this case with a front & back screen protector.  If you value your phone do not apply it unless your using Elago protectors.  I received my replacement case a few days ago.  I removed my screen protectors, the fit was still so tight that I was scared to put it on all the way fearing I would have to cut it off again without protection this time.  I have to say, I just cannot trust this item and seeing the reviews it seems there is great variation in production.  Some people experience that it's too loose and others say it's too tight, while many say its great.  I however, need my phone in pristine condition for sale when the new iPhone comes out so I will pass on this case, sadly.  Customer service is outstanding though, if you contact them they are professional, straight forward and honest.", "The case is a very thin hard plastic case for your iPhone.  It fits on both iPhone 5 and 5s as I've personally tried it on both.  (Why wouldn't it as it doesn't cover the home button).  it fits very snugly.  In fact, its a bit hard to pull it off.The plastic is pretty rigid so the main purpose of this case is for scratch and dent protection, not from falls. (In my opinion).  it leaves all the buttons and ports open.It fits very tightly as I said so if you have a screen protector already on the device, it will rip up the edges.  Keep that in mind.I did drop it pretty badly once and the case cracked.  That being said, my phone was fine so it did its job.  However, I'd imagine that thicker cases would not have cracked.  After some months of use, the edges of the case did get dirty from being in my pocket and rubbing against things, I guess.", 'I really like these cases. Kinda flashy in some colors. They fit snug and go on easily. Has big opening for connectors.Good basic protection case.', 'I was really glad when I found this brand of iphone cases on Amazon. Great company with great designs and colors. Very affordable and fashionable. Anyone would love them', "I really like this case, I spent a long time trying to find a &#34;bubblegum&#34; pink color to go with my black iphone 5 and this is perfect. It's still in good condition however the case does tend to get greasy and slippery. Other than that I still love it!", "Finally upgraded to the iPhone 5s from the 4s and this is my first case. It arrived right away and the price is fine - it's a thin metal with shiny red color and it does a good job of protecting the phone for my purposes. It comes off by splitting 3/4 of the way down the iPhone - so much easier and less fussy than all my other cases. I am happy with it. I am not thrilled with it or TOTALLY 100% in love, hence the 4 stars. Nothing wrong with it, just a 4-star good old iPhone case.", "Elago is always good. This one, is not. It makes the phone slim still but the top left corner is loose. If you put your thumb on the phone screen in the left corner, then push the case upward into the back of the phone, you can feel some space where the back isn't flush with the phone. That makes me upset. I want it TIGHT.", 'I simply loved this case, but due to the type of screen guard I had on it did not fit my needs. I was very excited to see a slide on case from Elago. If you are familiar with their designs then you know what you are getting. From the packaging to information within to the actual case, simple and amazing design.I had to return this case due to the peeling it caused to the screen guard i had in place. Mine did not arrive with an Elago Provided guard and was using another manufacturers.If you like to go without a screen guard I highly recommend this case as they are really simple and clean. If you like the design but are concerned about an already placed screen guard, I was much satisfied with their &#34;Flex&#34; line.!!!!', "I'm extremely pleased with the quality of the products. Absolutely worth what I paid for it. The color is actually better in person and it matches the gold on the iPhone 5s extremely well. The texture does not look or feel cheap and the fit is absolutely perfect. The ONLY small drawback is that I have to remove the bottom portion when I connect it to the auxiliary cable in my car because the plastic bit around the prong is larger than the cut out on the case, but that's no fault of this product. Headphones and charging cords fit perfectly. I'd absolute recommend purchasing this case. If I every get sick of the gold and teal, I may purchase another color, but right now I'm loving the one I have. Enjoy!", "I LOVE IT!!! i got it very quickly, and it looked amazing on my phone. it didn't make my phone heavy or bulky which was my main concern. it soooo cute and everyone compliments it!", "I had an elago slide for the iPhone 4 and it was great. This one was flimsy and cracked within the first month. It was also so tight that you couldn't take advantage of the slide function. I was really disappointed.", 'Good soft felling case. Fit perfectly on the iPhone5. Not great for drop protection but offer good enough protection for normal use.', "I purchased this mainly for it's color. What I received was a case comprised of two different shades of yellow. This irks my OCD-tendencies to no ends. I submitted this for a return but missed the deadline.Just a heads-up for interested buyers, there is not tactility for this case. The plastic is very smooth and slides easily across tables so I would not recommend this for people who are prone to dropping things.", 'Third case I have bought for family and they are thrilled with it.  Simple slim and affordable.  Go ahead, get one', "Love this phone case! Was a little iffy about buying it but it turned out good! One thing to watch out for is the case getting stuck on the phone, it sounds silly but it happens, so watch out if you put on a front AND back screen protector. Otherwise the case is good, the gold color looks very nice on my iphone 5s gold. And it's very slim fit.", "I like this case. I definitely love the colors and the fact that it's hard. However, the two pieces don't snap together, and sometimes when I pull my phone out of my pocket, the gold part slides up a bit. Unfortunately, I've had it on my phone for about two weeks now and there are scratches on the back and the gold is wearing off around the edges. It'll probably hold up better if you don't put it in your pocket!", "I really like they case but it makes my screen protector pop up whenever I put it on :/ next time I change my screen protector I'll give it another try but the case is super cute and seems pretty protective. It's a little hard to slide on and off but I guess that might be because of my screen protector??", "I've been looking for a good case for my iPhone 5S for awhile now and decided on this one. So far, I love it. It's not bulky, it provides protection, and it looks great. I got the &#34;Soft Feeling Jean Indigo&#34; color and it's a little bit darker than the picture, pretty much a navy blue. It looks great with my white iPhone.", "Fits well. Stylish and attractive, and doesn't add a lot of extra bulk. Not sure how much protection it will add if dropped but it is sure to help some. Easy to carry in your pocket.", 'really good quality case considering its a hardshell case! protects your screen very well because of the case surrounding the edges', "This case is very form fitting, and does not hinder any functionality of the iPhone, as all buttons and interfaces are unencumbered. Navigating, swiping, texting and so forth are not affected in any way with this case. The case is thin and light weight, so it is not bulky. I feel that the case will provide an adequate level of protection if dropped from waist-height, or even higher such as ear-height. Therefore, it will protect the phone when one uses their phone in a normal manner, and in reasonable settings- if you drop the phone off the balcony of a two-story building, then obviously, the case may not be adequate. The feel is smooth with a matte finish. Also, there is a slight lip around the front perimeter, so that when the phone is placed face-down, the surface of the phone will be protected. These cases come in an appealing array of colors, something to suite everyone's tastes, and the case has an attractive style as well. For typical usage of an iPhone, this case will definitely be superior than no case at all, and will provide adequate protection. As an added bonus, the price is quite reasonable at Amazon compared to the brand manufacturer's website and compared to brick-and mortar retailers. Overall, I am very pleased with this case.", 'This is a very sleek case, it really does protect the phone and does not add bulk to the phone. Easy to put on and matte finish is a great grip, never slides.', "my fiancee and i have had at least 4 of these cases for the iphone 4 and never had a problem.  This item came damaged and didn't fit right on the phone.  Elago did offer to send me another case free of charge but instead refunded my purchase instantly.", 'elago S5 Glide Case for iPhone 5/5S - White - eco friendly Retail Packaging...elagolove it.still kind of slips but works great!', 'I ordered this case and it came 2 weeks after it should have. Then when I got it and I put it on my iPhone it peeled up the Invisibleshield. I sent it back right away and had got my money back. They were very good about returning it too.', "Definitely not the color I expected. The gold is definitely what I was hoping for, but I was thinking the blue was going to be a more pastel blue. The gold is metallic and the blue is just a bright shiny blue, it looked like I had grabbed the top of one phone case and randomly picked the bottom of another case and tried to make it go together. Next time I'll be sure to just get one of the solid colors. The case was pretty protective of my phone, it survived a couple of drops, but the color completely killed it for me.", "IT seems a bit flimsy to me so I wouldn't trust my iPhone to it but the color is cool.", 'My daughter loves it and I like it because it is quality. It covers all sides of the device. It is also made of sturdy material.', "I've bought various elago cases for my iphones and the only issue Ive had is that it casues issues with screen protectors. Screen protectors that cover the whole screen might have bubbles created. On the other hand its as thin as a backcase but provides a little more coverage to the top, bottom and sides. I love the material by the way."]