['LOVE!', 'Hoot hoot', 'Beautiful', 'Ehh', 'Hard to remove', 'Love it!!!', "It's alright", 'So cute', 'Cheap', 'Cute and protective', 'Do not recommend', 'like it', 'Cute!', 'love it!', 'Meh...', 'Very cute!', 'Perfect', 'Gotta protect it', 'owl case', 'cute phone case', 'Very Cute', 'Cute!']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 1.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Two pieces, front and back, that snap together.  Owls are cute as can be.  Case is hard, but soft to the touch.  Works great with a screen protector as it is a snap on case not a squeeze it in there case that can fold up the screen protector corners.  Well worth the meager price, and more!', 'Hoot hoot hooray! I love my adorable owl case, it has been protecting my phone nicely and it fits perfectly', 'I chose this item because I love owls. It fit the iPhone 5 great. It looks fantastic. Very pleased with my purchase. Thanks', "It's cute, but it doesn't snap on very tightly. And it also tends to cause bubbles in the screen protector.", "Adorable case, and I love the texture. My one complaint is that it's extremely difficult to remove.  It does come off eventually though! Just takes a little work :)", 'I got what I paid for. I have been using this case for a little less than a week now and I love it!This case is so cute!', "I thought by the statement of it's &#34;rubber coated&#34; meant it was all rubber. It's a hard case with some feeling of rubber on it. It's cute but wanted an all rubber or silicone case.", 'This is my first snap on case so it is not as easy to install and remove as the soft gelly cases BUT I love the darling owl pattern. Great price! This time around I bought 4 different cases for the same price as I spent for 1 case with my iPhone 4S. It does take a while to ship from Hong Kong but I received it well within the shipping window.', 'The paint chipped off the first day and the 2 pieces never want to stay clipped together. I love everything owls, but this was a waste of money.', "The design is cute and well made. It doesn't chip or scratch easily and still looks great. It's easy to put on and offers plenty of protection.", 'It is not a great protection. It is made from a cheap crackable plastic. It will not protect but is a cute cover. I need protection', "I love this I-phone cover. my only the stop from a 5 star is that it took a very long time to receive and that it wasn't the style of owls that I was expecting but non the less It has owls.", "I like this case a lot. It's very durable ant it protects well. The only downfall is that it doesn't sit properly in my dock.", 'very nice case... fits perfectly on my iphone 5. not slippery kind of case.cute design as well!!! cant wait to show my friends.', "I thought this case was very cute, and I was thrilled when it came in. The material is very smooth & feels nice & light when I used it with my phone. However, the case felt extremely tight when I put it on (almost too tight, as if it wasn't quite built for the iPhone 5), broke the first day I used it (a piece of plastic just... fell off somewhere), & was nearly impossible to take it off to replace the case.", 'The owls are bright and happy the whole color scheme is adorable.  I would recommend this case.  Love the feel of it.', 'Fits my iPhone 5 perfectly. I like that it keeps the sleek look and feel to the phone, but it still has a bit of a rubber grip to keep the phone from slipping out of your hand. Love it.', 'My phone, unfortunately, is everything.  You have to keep it safe & protected!!  Might as well do it in style :)', 'This is a fun case to use. The colors are somewhat muted, but still distinct.  I enjoy using this cover and have received multiple positive comments.', 'I love this case. its really cute. it protects the phone some, but its worth the price. its really adorable and I would recommend buying it.', 'This case is so very cute. I bought it and it came pretty fast, about 3 days later. I gotten many compliments, its so cute, one f the owls has a orange on its head? lol', 'I ordered this case on 20 sep and it arrived today by surprise when i checked the mail. It comes with a small package that fits inside the mail box so i was really surprised that it arrived early. When i tried to open the plastic to get the case , i thought its a one case so i was surprise again that the case has two parts, which is the back and front. I even thought it was broken but i tried it and it fits good haha... This is a cute and a different case. And i love it.. But one thing that worries me is the back slides so easily when its in your hands coz the type of case if glossy but still would Definitely recommend this to all ppl there who loves colorful cases. Just be careful to always hold ur phone properly coz i think theres a tendency , it would fall coz of its glossiness but all in all i love it! Cheers for the cutey owls yayyyy!!!']