['GREAT!!!', 'm919', 'perfect!!', 'too loose', 'Slim case provides adequate protection!', 'Where do I start?', 'best case out there', 'galaxy S3 cover', 'love this cell phone case!', 'Goospery slim fit flexible', 'Decent', 'love the color, fit could be better', 'Great case but no grip', 'Looks Great', 'Nice case', 'ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL.', 'Best case ever.', 'nice', 'Perfect', 'The price is Right', 'Good', 'Bright Green Galaxy case', 'Love this!', 'Adorable', 'No bulk, just slim, red, and beautiful', 'Beautiful', 'Nice case, couple downsides.', 'This fits very well for the S3', 'Caseology Slim Fit TPU Case - Yellow - Excellent Case - No Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy S3 though', 'Snug fit', 'Great value case', 'Alright for price', 'Using these cases is so refreshing!', 'very nice!', "Can't be beat for the price!", 'Excellent Phone Case (Samsung Galaxy S4)!!!', "Nice case, compact... even got pearl in the finish.  Add raised lip on the screen-side and you'll be #1.  Best on Amazon !"]
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0]
['Very good looking, protective, slim and lightweight + very practical Mercury cases! I have 2 of them already for Nexus 4 and Galaxy S3! AMAZING JOB GUYS! Strongly recommend!!!', 'I like how the case is so design to fit my m919. it also is light weight and seems professional to carry with you. as a slim case i would recommend this product to a person. Even walmart customers ask me , where did you get this? i said amazon from modn.. i even order 2 packs. i even order one for my note 3 which i am waiting to test out..', 'I ordered this case based on the other good reviews and glad I did. I wanted a case for my gs4 that was cute yet protective. this us actually hard to find...but I hit the jackpot with this one. its the perfect shade of lime (to me) and it IS protective considering the only test I have had so far is from my jeans front pocket to the floor. not a scratch on my phone or the case. and it has a nice feel to it too. not slick so it would fall out of my hands but not sticky either. more than satisfied with this purchase and will be getting the other colors too!!', 'The look and feel of the case are great, but it does not fit snuggly on the s4.  It feels stretched out and like my phone is going to fall out of the case.  Maybe that is what &#34;flexible&#34; indicates, but it is to flexible in my mind.  I am very particular about cases, and this one does not meet my expectations.', 'The case is slim so that it does not add bulk to the sleek S4.  Does a reasonable job of protecting the phone during falls - dropped it a couple of times in the last few months.  Recommend a screen protector along with the case for added protection.  Case is light-weight and easy to maintain.', "Let me begin by saying I like the idea of these colored screen protectors, it's a cheap, easy way to change the look of your phone..if you're not picky like me.Pictures are deceiving. In the photos it shows a complete fit over the screen from edge to edge, let me say that's not the case on either of the two colors I ordered. There's a white gap around the edge of the entire phone after aligning the screen protector to the proper camera, home button and earpiece holes. Even with the tpu case on its still very noticeable, thankfully my wife and daughter don't mind because I wouldn't be able to live with it.The screen protector also has a &#34;satin&#34; like finish, unlike other screen protectors that feel like glass, another issue they don't mind but I think would annoy myself.Overall, they're please, and everyone knows &#34;Happy Wife, Happy Life&#34;.", "Hi all, tried many cases , but this one is the best. Great protection, slim and sexy. White keeps my phone looking it's best. Will buy another, just having a hard time deciding what color. Thanks mercury.", 'the cover is white and shines a little. i personally like it and is does cover the entire phone. it may not be the best cover to protect the cell phone against shocks, but i have dropped it over 4 times already and the cell phone is fine. i would not recommend to try it because I think I have been lucky. overall, I am satisfied with this cover.also, it is very easy to put in pockets and get back out, but do not put it in a jacket where the pockets are not deep enough or your cell phone will come out without you even noticing until you are away from that location.', "I've probably ordered 30-40 cell phone cases over the years & this is my far my favorite!  I love it! !!", 'I am changing my review because I ordered so many phone covers I was confused between the two.  This is the one I currently have on my phone.  It fits my Samsung Galaxy SIII perfectly.  I ordered others and will order more soon.  You may want to look into the color screen protectors too.  They are awesome and go really well with these covers.', "I like the color because it's nice and bright, I got it so that if I dropped it at a concert it would be bright enough to find. Downside is that one of the corners has a hole in it / doesn't cover the whole corner? Doesn't seem to be the best protection. Also, I keep my phone in my black work apron a lot and it discolored it pretty quickly. In general I like it though.", "I've used another brand before, on my GS3 (check my reviews for that review).  The fit on that brand seems to be better than this one.  I wish the edges were a little wider, to cover more of the front of the phone.  Many may not mind that its so thin, but I guess it's because I've had more coverage on another phone w another case that this bothers me.  This case covers all the corners, as pictured.  There are a lot of cases that don't protect the top and bottom of the phone, and to hide that fact, the don't show the full face of the phone w the case on.  Nothing to hide here, the phone is protected in this case!The color is great, and I love the sparkle in it.  It isnt slippery, it actually feels like it grips to things I place it on.  Because it is so shiny and sparkly, It does show fingerprints, something I do not like seeing, so i'm constantly wiping it down against my shirt, when I wipe down the face.All of the openings are precise, and the buttons are easily accessible, though I wish the opening for the charger port wasn't so big... I think it shows too much of the phone, again, personal preference.I've recommended this case to everyone.  Many in my family have them.  If you're looking for a case, and came across this one, BUY IT.", "Overall great case that will protect your phone from accidental drops and damages. The only problem about this case is that it's slippery. The material doesn't give you a good grip and it feels like the same material that is on back of the phone. Besides the slipperyness of the case, it's overall a great case. The cut outs are perfect, best I have seen on any case for the Note 2 so far.", 'It has a perfect fit with spectacular design. Seeing that it is made in Korea i can see the High quality materials used to make this awesome case.', "Case fits the Samsung Galaxy S3 very well.  It comes off easily but it's not loose at all.  It has a nice feel to it.  It's not as bright a purple as I had hoped for (and that is shown on the screen) but it's still nice.", "best case ever!!! it's more of a candy apple red rather than this red pictured here. LOVE!!!it came with a red screen protector to make it look like it's a red phone, but there were two tiny bends in it, which caused two permanent bubbles. it was NOT dirt. i'm a pro at installation and unfortunately i can't use it due to the bubbles from the tiny bends.", "This case fits my needs perfectly. It's durable (I've had a few minor drops with the case with no damage to the phone), doesn't add much weight, and still keeps a decently thin profile.", 'Nice case fits perfect. Just not the same color as shown in picture. Its a much darker blue not my favorite shade of blue. It is flexible therefore it gets the job done. I Like it :)', 'I was a little hesitant about purchasing another TPU case, after my last one with another vendor, but this one looks really clean on the white S3 and it gives you a great grip and actual protection as I have dropped my phone once. I would definitley recommend this product to anyone looking for a slim TPU case that will protect your phone without making it bulky', 'The color pops and I like what it is made of.  The price is great. It had a little glitter in it and a nice shine.  It goes on really easy and fits perfectly.  I would def buy more products from them.  It showed up on time and in good condition.', 'Protects the phone, gives me good grip on my device. Everything I need to really enjoy and get good playtime!', "The color was great, as was the fit!  It was a bright green with a slight metallic sheen.  It was just the slightest bit sticky so that the phone wouldn't slide out of my hands quite as easily.  I used it for months without having any problems.  The case added just a little bit of bounce to the phone in case it fell.  When I switched phones I bought the same brand and model case but for my new phone and am still very happy with it.", 'I received this today. The shipping was faster than estimated. It does have little sparkles in it as stated by others. It changes the whole look of my phone. I have the blue s3 which now looks light pink. It was easy to put on and seems to be a great product.', 'The fit is great and it allows access to all the available ports. It looks exactly as it does in the shown picture and I am very pleased with it.', "I really didn't want to get a case/cover. The GS3 is really slim and great looking. I had bought a replacement back that was red, brushed metal to replace the boring dark back that came with it. However, since it had no shock absorption, I broke two screens in the matter of a week, after having not cracked anything in almost a year. I searched for something that wouldn't add a lot of bulk, and red. This is just what I needed. It's not heavy, it's not bulky, and it pops on and off with ease. Really like the bright red color. It has just enough cushion to keep it safe.", "I made sure that I'd have my case for my new Samsung Galaxy S4 before I actually got the phone to avoid any scratches!!  The case is absolutely beautiful!  The color isn't faded or anything...exactly as described and I will be ordering other accessories from Mercury & I would advice that everyone check them out!Thanks again...LOVE MY CASE!", "Colors are pretty vivid. Case doesn't exactly fit the phone perfectly, you can feel it moving every time you hold it. Grip is somewhat nice. Now a big CON for some people: BE AWARE you are getting a case with tons of GLITTER attached to it, when looked at under a direct light or in a dark environment you can clearly see all the shine from what it looks like glitter, which is something they don't really advertise about the product.", 'So I bought this case for my wife and she just loves this case. The color is such a cool breeze color and right on time for the spring months. I also want to note that it really hugs the phone tight which I thought it would not considering my last experince with Mercury casing for the Note 2 (cracked my phone still when I dropped it even when the case was on). So this puts my confidence back in Mercury casing. Buy with confidence my friends!!!', 'Purchased this case for our kid\'s Galaxy S3 and the case is excellent in just about every way.The fit and finish are very good, the case fits the phone snugly, the cutouts are in the exact right positions and are the proper size, and the charger has no trouble connecting and doing its charging thing. We have no problems at all operating the phone - the cutouts are the proper depth too.The color of the case is definitely neon though not quite as pure yellow as shown in the picture... seems there might be just a touch of neon green tossed in the mix. That\'s no issue at all for us; our kid loves it.However... the case did not come with a screen protector for the S3. Though the listing title is "Caseology Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case and Color Screen Protector Combo", we now realize that invoice reads "Goospery Slim Fit Flexible TPU Jelly Case Compatible with Samsung Galaxy S3".  Since the listing title did not change when we selected the S3 case, we did not catch that change and expected to receive a protector.  Still, it is a nice case at a decent price.Five stars for the case with one star off for confusing advertising and the \'missing\' protector.If looking for a nice, bright case for your Galaxy S3, we recommend this one. Well made, great price and quickly shipped.', "I really like it. I noticed that the hovering over a video makes the stylus do a click action (like opening the video instead of hover playing it) but it's no biggie, I don't use the stylus.", "For the price, I didn't expect much out of this case. But it looks very nice and seems to be made from very solid material. The range of available colors is very impressive as well. I would say this is a very good investment.", "Good case for around $6 but the feel and shaping of the case Is a little misleading. The case doesn't have as much of a grip to it as described by other buyers and the sides of the case do not stick well to the phone causing it to slide off.", "This is my second case purchase from Caseology (formerly Mercury). My last case/ colored screen protector was Red and I loved it. But sadly after 20 months of having it on my phone it was time to replace it. The sky blue case that I ordered is the revised version of the case, the only real differences that I can see are that the areas around the buttons and holes (headphone/ power) are just a little different. It's a little more difficult to hit the power button and volume button because I find that I'm always pressing on the case and not the button due to the revision of the design. The only other gripe I have is that the colored screen protector is not a matte finish. The red one that I use to have was matte finish which was nice for glare. One other thing I thought I should point out is that the color of the screen protector and the color of the case are not an exact match, they are close but not exact. The screen protector is just slightly lighter. Up close you can tell, but from about 3 feet away you would have no idea that my phone had a colored screen protector and case on it. This was something that I expected because it was the same way with the red case I use to have, not a big deal. The case fits great, albeit a little slick and the screen protector went on great. when applying your screen protector just keep some scotch tape handy, It is great to get the little fuzzies off the screen protector if you happen to get them on there. And fyi there are 2 screen protectors that come with these, I almost threw one of them away, not realizing it was In there, so don't throw it away! This case/ screen protector will last you a long time and is durable. My phone has survived many drops without an issue and I love the slim form factor. Ill post some photos for those that want to see what it looks like on the phone. Hope this was helpful!", "i love Mercury's slim fit flexible cases! this is the second one I buy from them and they arrived quickly and the quality is very good. I would definitely recommend them and the buyer. 5 stars from me.", "I love these covers. Between my wife and I we own 6 of them. 2 for Samsung galaxy S4 and 2 for Samsung galaxy s3 and 2 for HTC Inspire. The price can't be beat. I seem to drop my phone all the time and I have never had a broken screen or scratches on my phone. In fact I had my phone in the store one day for some help and the lady said &#34;do you even use this phone?&#34;  I love the slim fit. If you are using stock chargers they fit fine. I have found some after market chargers don't fit as well. This case stays on very well but easy enough to get off!", "This is the second phone I have purchased Mercury (Goospery) cases for.  They are of the best quality (for a TPU case) I have ever purchased!  Don't let the low price fool you.  These things really work.  Fit is spot on, the coloring is absolutely solid, and the cutouts are perfectly placed.  The very fine sparkle added to the plastic adds a nice touch in my opinion.  Don't hesitate to purchase these very fine cases for your brand new Galaxy S4!", "Got the white case... love it !!!CompactPearl in the finish+ Raised lip on the screen-side and I'll give you 5 starsFellow S3 owners, look no further if you have a white S3 !!!"]