['A few issues so far in less then 24 hours', 'Great case', 'Nice for the price', 'Great item', 'Good protective case!!!', 'Bought for dad and loved it', 'Best case for iPhone 5...', 'Best case ever', 'Fast delivery']
[2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['This case was delivered on 05/10/2013For under a $20 it so far seems worth it so far?Pros:The case fits Great, the included screen protector does NOT hinder scrolling, or speed of the touchscreen at all.Thinner then the otterbox commuter for sure, as i own that and a defender.That is where it about ends..ConsThe rubber is a tad soft AKA lint magnetThe Soft rubber also makes it not "glide" in and out of your pockets, you can feel it grabbing the materialthe doors are stubborn to close and  the clip? it is made cheap and is already slowly tearing at the rubber on top of the caseif you have a need to access your vibrate only button say when you get to work the case makes that opening a lot smaller to get at.The openings around the cameras are large and make it look like it was a bad design as they are way off center..you can NOT charge the phone with the belt clip on, they never cut a center slot in the base of the clip ( a dremel tool and 45 seconds should fix that issue)Overall  I think Case Mate went Half Assed and gave up on the design mid way through the development of this case..If they would redesign with the issues fixed they would have a winner*smaller camera port openings, and center them on the phone around the ports*a tad bigger opening to access your vibrate switch*Harder rubber so the case does not collect lint, and so it slides in the pocket easier (softer rubber = more lint)otterbox seems to have their materials down pat and they collect a lot less lint maybe case mate can learn from this..*better belt clip and a whole cut in the bottom so you can charge with the clip attachedUpdate*** 05/27/2013The top of the case is worn now pretty good where the belt clip ridesthe rubber is starting to peel away from the phone in various placesTop corner and bottom center.It is time to slap the otter box back on and trash this ting..', "My friend had this case and I was immediately in love with it when I picked up his phone!  It offers the same protection as an Otterbox Defender at a much more reasonable price!  It's also slimmer and lighter than the Otterbox!  The only thing I wish it had is the cut out for the Apple logo!", "You don't have to purchase an expensive belt clip, this is a nice product for the price! You shoud but this!", "Just received my phone case. It's great. Looks very professional, nice and slim, and its very tough. I have received a lot of compliments on it already.", 'This is a very nice case if you want added protection like an otterbox.  Casemate has stepped it up with this case, because it can compete with otterbox and lifeproof.  This case looks much nicer too.', 'I bought this item for my father and both he and I liked it, its sturdy and a good case definitely protects the phone and is a very good case for the price.', "I had this case for iPhone 4 which was then called Phantom (I thought was a better name).  This is the best case I have found and I've tried a bunch.", 'I was worried about some of the negative reviews but honestly after having this case i am in love with it. It makes my phone look better without unnecessary bulk. It fits in my pocket as well as the belt clip fine.What i do not like however is the flap for the charging port...It takes a while to close it after i have used it because i have to sort of curve it to fit in the hole. But other than that i feel if i had this case from beginning i would have never bought any other case...if it came in another color that would be nice....maybe it does and i skipped that.', 'Good case and belt clip. Had to fit phone in with te,pered glass screen protector on though. Rugged and good protection.']