['I love it', 'like it', 'Crap!', 'You should get this case!', 'I purchased this case for my i-Phone 5 as well as one for my daughter, very pleased with the purchase and product', 'Collection Case', 'perfect', 'Meh!!! 50/50', 'Cute and fits well']
[5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0]
['Came earlier than I expected and looks exactly like the picture it also fits my 5s perfectly I recommend to everyone', 'Cool case for my iphone. Got it on time, good material and great price. I had been using it for 1 month and its quality its great', 'The picture was extremely blurry and the case itself was cheap plastic that got scratched up the first time I used it.', 'ITS A CLEAR CASE, even though I did not expect it to be a clear case, I do not mind at all. It is still a beautiful case and I love it so much! Great purchase, highly suggest buying it,', 'As stated above, the case was well made, the detail was excellent, all the ports were in the right positions, I am very pleased and I am sure that my daughter will be too.', "Got this case jus bcuz it was cute when it arrived wasn't unhappy at all it's jus another case in my collection ..... Fits snug", 'i love the casing but the only problem is that i forgot to make a note that i have i phone 4. and i got an iphone 5 case. lol i will just save it = for my mom.', "Bought this for my daughters iPhone 5c they said it would fit but it doesn't!!!! It only fits the iPhone 5s.  Not much protection for the phone.  It only protects the sides and the back, but the top and the bottoms are exposed and it won't absorb shock if dropped.  I have the iPhone 5s with a similar case and thats why I know about this one.", "I like this phone case about it it looks really cute in fits pretty well. I've noticed it fits well in all four corners. Also I have dropped it a few times and the cover and the phone seem to,holdup well when I dropped it. The red on the back of the phone is a darker red not very bright but it still looks really cute. I'm glad I bought this case"]