['Stellar Battery', 'Good battery', 'It works like it should', 'works fine', 'review', 'Good for price!', 'SGN2 OEM battery', 'Works but with some issues.', 'Perfect', 'Hardly works', 'OEM Battery', 'Works as good as factory one', 'Surprisingly good', 'Excellent', 'Supposed to be the same as the original but', 'Love it']
[5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0]
['Your samsung battery was perfect and fit my Note 2 perfectly. I have been getting ready for tornado season and wanted to have spare batteries in case of emergency. I am look for a solar charger that would work for my phone anyone knows of one or for my Laptop.......You are the Greatest, Thank youLiam', "IOn par with the battery that came with my Note II.I would strongly caution against non OEM batteries. I initially tried a non OEM battery I had purchased from Amazon and just like every other non OEM battery I've ever purchased for any Android device it caused my phone to have all kinds of problems including lockups, sudden unexplained battery drain and random reboots,  but these problems all dissipated like mist before sunshine as soon as I put back the OEM battery.", 'I received it with 80% charge, and fully charged it prior to first use. So far so good. No complaints so far.', "it works fine for what i need it for its a back up battery it stays charged for about 70% of the day that's enough for me", 'good quality battery. hold the charge well. charging time on phone is the same as original battery. will recommend it.', 'Great back up battery!! Works good and fits the phone. shipped fast and keeps charges well. Worth the money for a back up battery!', 'exactly what I was looking for. I did pay a little more than I wanted for this battery but it came quite quickly in the mail. Thanks,', 'I would do a full charge and before I knew it it was down to 92%. It seems to drop off quickly and then it settles down. I am doing some conditioning of my battery (letting it get down to 10% and then do a full charge) and it seems to be getting better. I have not given up on the battery just yet. I wanted an OEM battery because I just felt better about it. When I received my new battery the sticker was very loose and I had to press it on...not sure what to make of that. Will update later.', 'Was exactly as described, came on time, worked like it should, happy with the results, would recommend to others for product.', 'This battery looks similar to the original battery, but does not hold same level of charge as the OEM.  Now, when ever my Note 2 gets a small bump, phone turns off.  It looks like a bad contact on the battery, since the original battery works fine.', 'OEM Samsung battery, just like the original. Works and looks like the original at a fraction of the cost at other places.', 'So far it works as good as the one that comes with the phone. Its a fraction of the cost so its a must have.', "My friend ordered this,  Iwas very skeptic. I shared with him during a recent trip and surprisingly it was good. The phone didn't blow up and it was useful. I have original Samsung spare and wanted to try it as I am myself interested in  having at least 2 spares for long weekend trips to camps etc. Definitely recommend. I hope they are consistently good.", 'I have been using this battery for my Samsung Note II for a month.  I had no issue with Note II.', "Everytime I pop this battery in my Note 2 and bring up the phone it shows 93% charge. Where did the other 7% go? To boot up the phone?? Ha!When I charge my original battery and pop it in and boot the phone I see 100%. So what's going on here? I'd like to think the two batteries are the same but they're certainly not.I guess I'll live with it.", 'Thanks... just as described. I love it not I will not be caught with out power. Yay!!! Thanks so much!']