['EAGLECELLPRGLGMS770SPSTHLBKBKhybridTUFTSUIT with kickstand for LG', 'Very good case with just one over look in my opinion', 'Looks Great !', 'Great Case For The Value', 'Nice and TUFF', "Cheaply made but you get more for your buck than you'd expect"]
[4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0]
["I LOVE THE KICKSTAND SEEM TO BE  MADE OF  SOME DURABLE MATERIAL. I DON'T CARE TO MUCH FOR THE CASE TO SKIMPY.", 'I really like this case.  Good fit. *Covers the open ports*!  &lt;- love that.  Easy to get to the covered ports.  Belt holster and clip are solid.  The only thing I do not like about this case is the kickstand on the back makes it so you cannot have the phone charging while using it.  If it would have been facing the other way, 180 degrees, it would be perfect.', 'Lokks and feels great on my cousins Metropcs phone. He likes the rugged look as well as the clip and holster.', 'This is a great case for the value. It works just as well as cases I have seen priced in the $15.00-$20.00 price range.', "If your phone is in the case, you don't have to be concerned about it falling on the floor, not just carpet but hard tile as well. It is versatile and tough. Great for folks who have to wear their phones at, or for work all day. Haven't noticed it fading onto clothing either. Interesting material, easy to handle and typically won't just fly out of your hand!", "I give credit for the little kickstand allowing you to view games and video on cell horizontally.  The external clip on protector to the inner rubberized skin is tough enough and adjusable.  Price is definitely cheap enough so I think if money is tight, this is a decent selection.  The foto here looks great and I thought I was getting some deal, bought 3 for my family's LG Motion cells.  Came in plain wrapper and initially, I was happy w/purchase..examined skin closer and plasticky parts and saw that you get what you pay for so never think youre getting quality on the cheap (rarely, unless - model is clearance on a good product-like Body Glove (i got a $20 case for $8 here because cell ph model was changing and stock was being empties-so this is only time you will find good equip on the cheap).  Know that if you opt for a $6-8 case, you get materials and craftmanship of that and dont moan about it either, seriously.  I didnt because all was cheap but functioning.  Both myself and brother started tossing out the plastic, kick-standed protective pc giving it that syfy look.  The internal rubber skin is thick enough but looser than avg. We now use just the rubber and he finally tossed that and well, if anyone wants mine for free, email me and send postage-its yours. ;)"]