['got electronics get otterbox', 'Great Case', 'OtterBox for Samsung Galaxy Note 2', 'Great!', 'would have been 5 stars', 'Good case - not too bulky, great protection']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0]
["Well you know I love the 'BOX. I ordered the Otterbox before I got the GN2. I love the protection, and this is a terrific case. A minor issue- my Zagg screen protector (installed at best buy mobile) the edges wont stay down. Unless I take off the 'BOX. So I'm gonna get a upgrade to Defender. Anybody want a Commuter?", "This case fits perfectly on my Galaxy Note II. I chose the black because the phone is gray. It looks great. It doesn't add a lot of bulk to the phone but gives it the protection you would want for this phone.", "Needed a good case to protect my Galaxy Note 2 and came across this one at a great price! Well I was very surprised at how fast I received my package! Within a couple of days it was on my phone! I'm very glad that I found this case and it also comes with screen protectors! Ultimately one of the best moves I've made in reference to phone cases.... money very well spent!", 'Exactly what I was looking for, at great quality and at a great price. Small enough to fit inside my other carrying case and very durable. Thank you!', "this case is (out of NUMEROUS cases ive tried for this phone), is by far the best.  Fit/Finish is awesome.  I didnt want the defender case because this phone is already big, and the defender case would have just made it TOOOOO big.  The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars, is because Otterbox doesn't make a hip holster for it.  As large as this phone is, carrying in the pocket (for me) is just not feasible, not in my line of work.  I just dont see why they cant make a belt clip case for it similar to the Defender's.  If they did that, this would be the ideal case.", "If you are a somewhat frequent phone dropper, or your work necessitates your phone be well protected, I can't imagine a much better case than the Commuter. It offers a nice balance between not being obscenely big, while at the same time, it's two part construction offers great protection. (If size is not an issue and you want maximum protection, check out the Otterbox Defender or the Griffin Survivor).The inner silicone wraps around the phone first. Its function is twofold: first, because it's what is in immediate contact with your phone, it's nice that it's soft, protecting from scuffs and scratches. Secondly, when the case is completely assembled, it offers a fair degree of &#34;shock-absorption&#34; for falls from reasonable heights. There are nicely fitted high quality rubber plugs for the USB and headphone jacks. Button overlays for the power and volume rocker are a little bit difficult to depress. They are a bit mushy. I wish they had a bit more of a tactile &#34;click&#34; to them.The outer shell is a hard plastic which is mostly smooth, but does have a very subtle texture on the back. Overall, it has a very nice feel to it. Actually, it may be a bit too smooth, making it easy to drop. When installing it, it requires a bit of gentle maneuvering to get it to fit correctly over the silicone inner piece, but once on, everything fits nice and snugly. Very nice fit and finish. The cutouts are all very precise. This is a very high-quality case.The main drawback is that there is a fair amount of bulk added to the phone with this case, making it difficult for me to carry in all situations. Getting the phone in and out of dress pants or jeans pockets when it's in this case can be somewhat challenging. Also, the inner silicone layer is a lint and dust magnet. After having this case on my phone 24-7 for about a month, I ended up switching for a lower profile case which was more suited to my every day use. I still turn to the Otterbox in certain situations, as the protection it provides is top notch."]