['Solid Case', 'Perfect Case', 'Just what I needed', 'A Winner', 'Absolutely love the case !!', 'Best Rechargeable Battery Case on the Market!!!!!!!!!! A++++++++', 'Exactly what I needed', '5 star phone case', 'SUPER DUPER QUALITY!']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["Good case, solid build. Protects phone all around with good access to buttons. Battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day. I usually leave my house around 7am and return at 10pm. I'm glad that it lasts from start to end. 5/5", 'This is a fantastic case. Very stylish and protects my phone. Easy access to all buttons and features, without any loss of phone reception. But most importantly, it double power, just as promised. Great buy', "this case fits perfectly on the s4 and keeps me powerd all day I can't complain! a+ recommend it to all", "This is the first battery case I have had for my Galaxy S4. The S4 fits very well, is slim and doesn't add much weight to the Galaxy S4. It doubles the battery life. You can charge either the battery, the phone or both. There is a handy on-off switch with leds to indicate the level of charge.The battery case came on time and was packaged well. Well worth the price.", "Performs exactly as advertised . It's very  sturdily built,and provides lots of boost . It does exactly what it's supposed too .Easy to insert phone in and out . Definitely a 5 star experience. Don't know what I would do without this case LOVE LOVE LOVE it.", "Unlike Most of the Rechargeable Battery cases, PowerBear Lasts up to 2 whole days. It doesn't heat up like most of the other ones, and I was completely fascinated by the ultra light and sleek design for the case. Before I was using the Mophie case but I couldn't wear it often because it was like having a hot brick in your pocket, Hence I had to always leave it at home.On the contrary, with PowerBear, I never take it off because I can't even tell the difference. Also it is build in a super STRONG manner and even though I dropped my phone a few times, its shock resistant technology won't let a single thing happen to the case or the phone. The PowerBear case became an extension to my phone that I never have to take off because when I charge it at night, it charges both my phone and the case, and I have battery life for more than two days. I was also shocked to hear all the positive compliments I was hearing from people at my job, fitness center, and throughout the community. Everybody was loving the case, and what they don't know is that it cost  me 60 % CHEAPER then all the other brand. This is the best purchase I've made on the internet, and I am going to buy more for my family in time for the Holidays. THANK YOU POWERBEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Just what I needed. I needed a phone case for myself and my two sons, but I also needed new replacement batteries. Now this isn't the case, since I got both in one. Awesome thanks A+", 'When there is no outlets, or chargers near by its Powerbear to the rescue! Ordered one for my husband, and myself. Great purchase!!', "It works great. Doesn't heat up like crazy like the other ones I got, and cheaper too! Its definetly the best power case for the S4 you can get, thats why I got one for me and my wife. I wonder why its called power bear.."]