['Cute', 'Simple and Attractive Protector', 'Good Case', 'This case is exactly as described', 'Love it!', "Don't waste your money!", 'bad experience', 'Love it', 'good deal', 'stylish!', 'SOOO CUTE AND AFFORDABLE!', 'plastic with suede']
[4.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 2.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['The color is more dark in person, and this isnt the best protection case. I get a lot of compliments on the case, and it was easy to put on.', 'Simple to install and a great way to help protect your phone.My wife really liked the ability to change the look of her phone.', 'The case is pretty good. It dose have some scratches on one side of the phone but its every little. Other then that i like it. Ive dropped my phone a few times since putting on the case and it didnt break or scratch. Ive gotten many complements on this case and over all it was worth the few bucks I spent.', 'This case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor. I bought mine from Electromaster. It snaps on fine for me but if I were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for. its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up. it looks great but its for show not for protection. if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box', 'This is one of my favorite cases I have this one on my phone I really love the color a lot.', 'It looked like it was used! It was broken when it got to be the paint job was horrible.I would never get it again', "This case for some reason is peeling, there isn't much left of the orginal skin, i  loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i wouldn't recommend this specific one for anyone.", "Its rubberized doesn't look like it in the picture but it is It's really cute I love this case used it for awhile but I switch out cases like I do my shoes.", "Received this in about a weeks time. Very nice actually considering how cheap the price was. It's a pink/purple with black leopard spots and has a very nice feel to it. I haven't tried to remove it yet, but hopefully it won't give me any trouble when I do want to change covers.", 'This case was by far the best case I bought for this phone.  It is very stylish and I received many compliments', 'This is the cutest case EVER!  I love it because it was easy to apply.  I had to switch from the rubber one because after so many uses, it wears out like the bottom hem of a sweater that has been stretched.  This case keeps my phone intact and protected at the same time...WOO HOO!!', 'my daughter liked it for a few days and then i didnt see it anymore on the phone. Use your judgement on that one.']