["Great ! So far.I had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except Iphone and Galaxy 5  but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will Judy charge it a bit slower. When this charger goes it tends to loose it's fit firmly in usb and has a short.", 'Another very good phone charger that does the job and has a  very affordable price that anyone can afford  to buy it.', 'Works well. We use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year. For the low price having an extra USB charger this works great. Charges our Galaxy S3 and Note 2.', "I needed a charger quick and I didn't want to spend $20.00 at the convenience store for a short, crappy charger. For this price, the charger is great.Pros: The cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed. I don't have to struggle to see my phone when I'm laying down.Cons: The plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about. The connecter doesn't like to stay in place 100% of the time. It does NOT fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge. My phone is also old and the port is a little worn. That could be my issue.If you need a good charger for a cheap price. Buy this!", 'Bought as a spare charger for the house and turned into my main charger because my other one failed. Nice long cable and has held up for tons of charges for my Galaxy S3.', "The charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my Samsung Galaxy S3.  They really need to start making these chargers better....I've been thru several!!!!", "This Charger is awesome! First of all I wasn't expecting it until between 12/12  and 12/17, but it arrived on 12/11,So That was a plus for me! Second, I was kinda skeptical about purchasing it because it says that its for a Galaxy S and Blackberry so that can mean a lot of things! but I figured what the heck its cheap, so what can I loose!  Well, I just got it today and decided to give it a try at work on my Galaxy S4,  it charged  from 80%  to 100%  in about 7 minutes!! Yes i timed it!  and also the cord is long which is a plus for me!  So if your looking for a fast charger with a long cord and not to mention a great price, this is the one!!update:  not sure what the other reviewer meant by saying these are poor quality chargers, because I've had mine for a little over 2 weeks and it's still going strong!!  Love this charger  especially  for the length!!", 'I purchase this for a backup at work.  It charges my SGS4.  I would recommend this charger for the Samsung Galaxy S4.', 'This charger woks wonderfully on the Samsung Galaxy S4.  it chargers the phone fast and the price is great!  Highly Recommended product!']