['It Works Great', 'Very fast charging.', 'ok so far', 'FAIL', 'Great car charger', 'Not good.', 'LIGHT DUTY FAILURE', 'Beats the Sprint.com price', 'Does not work.', 'Good charger', 'Its okay', 'Car Charger', 'Great', 'Works great!', 'good charger and great for the price', 'cool', 'good charger', 'Works as expected', 'Stopped Working after 1 1/2 month..', 'Samsung Official OEM Car Charger for your Galaxy S2 Phone! Original...', 'insuperable', 'Cheap and it works!', "It works...mostly as a conversation piece since it won't charge a thing", 'Works just fine.']
[5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 2.0, 2.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0]
["The big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock. If they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last. I got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price I usually pay for the junk at that big national store. This cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now. I also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly. Since this one still works, I have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out. This is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the Samsung brand charger verses their junk.", 'Good lengthEasy to useVery fast chargingI would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot.', 'luving it  right now will last about 4 mo so you cant beat the price for it I got 4 of them', 'JUNK!!!......This product must be miss labeled.  I can not get my Samsung S2 phone to charge with this OEM charger.  The lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  I am not sure if I got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  If you need a reliable charger, DO NOT purchase this product.If you need a car charger for your Samsung S2, I would recommend the Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter.  It charges fast and is dependable.', 'A very good car charger for your phones, charged my phone pretty quickly and quite affordable, I recommend it to anyone to have as a back up to your charger.', "The Samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period.  I thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when I attempted to change it, I've noticed that it doesn't come apart like most vehicle chargers.", "WHAT A GREAT PRICE!RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX, PLUG N UPLOAD SUM JUICE ...DON'T KNOW IF DROPPING IT REPEATEDLY ON THE FLOORBOARD,OR OCCASIONALLY STUFFING IT IN CONSOLE TO HIDE CAUSED FAILURE ...BUT SOON THE GREEN LIGHT FAILED TO LIGHT, AND PHONES DISPLAY SHOWEDIT WASN'T CHARGING. SO EITHER SPEND SEVERAL MORE DOLLARS FOR ONE WITHA HEAVIER CORD/STRONGER SHELL OR TREAT IT AS A DELICATE FLOWER.", 'Sprint wanted $30 fro the same item.  This is OEM and not third party after market. Bought two.  Work great', "Plugged into the car and worked the first couple of days. Hasn't worked since. My phone does not even recognize it's plugged in.", 'This charger works great. I love the fact that the LED on it does not light up until it is plugged into the phone. Great bargain.', 'Though I`m not a expert in cell phone chargers. This thing works good, but its not all fireworks and hotel parties. Its a charger and it works so I guess buy it.', 'I used this charger for a couple of months now. Its a very good charger. It charges my phone very quickly.', 'It is Samsung brand..works with my Android phones..Galaxy Nexus 4 and Galaxy S2 and S3...recommend it highly for anyone with a microUSB phone', 'I needed a car charger and this was very affordable and it worksgreat! The same thing from the store was three times the price.', 'good oem car charger, i originally bought it for my galaxy S2 and later on that week I upgrated to the Galaxy S3 and it works prefectly fine, I would recommend this product', "You have to hold it in a certain place in other for it to charge. I'll just buy the Verizon  charger instead", 'This charger works perfectly.  It is the official Samsung charger so I was sure it would work just fine. I highly recommend it.', 'I use this charger with my GS2 from Straight Talk.  This charger is working as expected, charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product, not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers I have ordered in the past.', "This thing worked well when it actually functioned, but today it stopped working and I am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take.I'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working, who knows.. What a waste of money.", 'Hope to use it soon.  My other one worked sometimes.  This one does not have the light on unless you are charging.', 'es un cable para carro de excelente calidad , original de samsung , lo tengo algun tiempo sin ningun problema', 'I went thru 3 car charges which they all either stopped working after a few uses or never worked to begin with.This car harder not only works it also charges my phone lightening fast!!! LOVE IT, LOVE IT LOVE IT!!If u are debating u can rest assured this thing is awesome.', "First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month.", "I've been using this for about 4 months now and it works just as it is intended.  I would buy again.  Quality product.The cord could stand to be a little longer, but it is of a decent length."]