['Puts a new perspective on power', "Fit well om my GF's phone", 'Almost every positive review posted for this product is fake', 'Amazing Case, SAVED MY LIFE!!!', 'case and charger in one.', 'Finally!', 'Fake Positive Reviews', 'yet another awesome case from these guys']
[5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0]
['This product is great. I like the kickstand on the back. The power indicator is very convenient to know charge pack status.', 'Not Many HTC one battery cases for sale and this one is pretty good for the price. I would give it 4.5 stars and 5 if the price was $5 cheaper.', 'I never do this, but I almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for PowerBear. If you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. What that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. Furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. Why Amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. Also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for PowerBear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. Beware the paid shills!', 'This is absolutely amazing, more than doubles my battery life, so I can forget about carrying my charger all the time.For such a good price, this is just the right deal. A++++++++', 'Bought case for me and wife to qualify for free shipping. Came in different colors to match phone.  Can go entire 24 hours without charging; but I am not a kid playing games all day long. No complaints or problems. (Personally I wrote another review in the wrong spot since we had diff phones and diff colors I f&%$ up)', 'Since I am always on my phone, the battery life is very short. After purchasing this battery case I am no longer worried about running out of battery life.', 'Watch-out, all these positive reviews are fake. Some have even reviewed it twice using the same name. What a sleazy way to sell an item.', "My brother just got the HTC One, and I promised him an awesome case like the one I have for my S4.Super sleek look, fits well, doesn't get overheated and saves the day every now and then! Especially when GPS is needed!"]