['Works well with AT&T version', 'terrible', 'Good', 'Awesome case and cheap too', 'Good case, flexible but good enough', "Don't get this for the SGS2", 'Great case', 'dissatisfied', 'It fits perfect', 'Good Protection & Reasonable Price', 'It is a nice case', 'GOOD CASE for the Worth of 4$', 'Great .', 'DOES NOT WORK FOR SPRINT EPIC TOUCH!', 'Was the wrong fit.', 'Very good case', 'Okay....', 'Wrong size / design']
[5.0, 1.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0, 3.0, 1.0]
["I was looking for a case for my new Galaxy S2 (At&t version). The store was selling similar cases for $20 and $35. I just can't justify spending that much on a case. This case is made for the unlocked version of the Galaxy S2. The size is the same. The only difference that I can see is the noise cancelling microphone is blocked. I drilled a little hole in the case and it works just fine", "i was raving to a friend about how amazon has great phone cases and how cheap they are and bought him this. it didn't even fit his phone right. poorly made.", 'nice case, protective and good looking, it also has a nice changing texture in some areas. good buy for the price', "Bought this for my new AT&T; Galaxy SII, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. I have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. It does not stick to your pockets. Overall, I am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.And just FYI: This is for the AT&T; (i777), or International (i9100) Galaxy SII.This WILL NOT FIT Sprint, T-Mobile or the AT&T; Galaxy SII Skyrocket phones. You've been warned.", 'I liked the case, and for the amount of money paid, its a good buy, i personally like stronger cases, this is very flexible and indeed looks like a hard case, a little bit of more firmness wouldnt hurt.Protects VERY well the phone as well as the camera lens there is not one single part of the phone touching the surface of the table when i leave it there. Very Good purchase.', 'I bought this for the at&t samsung galaxy s2 and the seller was very slow in getting this item to me. I also notice that this product do fit the SGS2, but the cut outs was NOT good. The cut out opening was too small for the power button, there was also an extra cut out for no reason. It does fit nice so I gave it 2 stars, but bad opening for my phone will be costly.', "Like most of the other reviews say, this rubbery case has a smooth exterior, so it doesn't feel like an uncomfortable sticky rubber.  While still appearing to have a hard shell, the rubber itself is fairly soft, and does a great job of protecting from falls without feeling too bulky.", "the case did not fit my phone; was a tad too small.  i could only get 3 corners into the case.  i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about $20 from a local store.  have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s***, and no damage to the phone.  good reason to buy a case, just not this one.my co-worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked, and broke the display screen, making his phone unusable.  buy a case, not this rubber thing.  i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it's arrival", 'This skin fits perfect in my SGSII and the phone looks great inside of it.It is a high quality skin and gives a very good feeling in your hands.I recommend this product for your SGSII.', 'I prefer this style case to the otterbox and case mate as I feel it provides ample protection without turning the phone into a brick. Lightweight and sleek.', 'I like the case so far fits ok my Samsung Galaxy S2 I like that is very shiny and soft to the touch. My only concern is one of the corners is not totally covered so it wont protect it from scratches or a hit there that is why I am just giving it 4 stars. Well for the price i think it is ok.', "Don't expect more but it works well for the reason you buy.I was looking for a cheap skin case and was not willing to pay a hefty amount for the case at least for the initial period after buying my unlocked galaxy s II.Din't Expect much before buying.But it really does work well.4 $ with 2 day shipping free is really a good deal if you are looking for a perfect tpu case protecting your phone.", 'Great case fit my samsung galaxy s2 great will order again fast shipping it make my phone look super sexy trust me you need to order 1.', "I read the first few reviews and didn't read any further and now I wish I had cause this thing does not work for the Sprint Galaxy s2. Wish I had known that.", "Be careful when ordering these cases. Not all Galaxy II's are the same. Mine was a Sprint and this one did not fit my pnone. It went into the trash can as it wasnt worth sending back. Otherwise I am sure it's a great case.", 'arrive on time, good quality, functionally, recomend to protect the samsung galaxy S 2 I9100, fit exactly , recomend to the owners of this smartphone .', "I was expecting a bit higher quality product but it is what it is. I've used it for a few months and it definitely helped when I dropped my phone. But at this point, I am not using it anymore due to the quality of the product, although 'good', it could be better and more solid.", "there is a different between the size/design of Galaxy II that is carried by USA and what's carried by Asia.  I'm in USA, I ordered the cover for Galaxy II that i bought from USA, the cover didn't fit, and the speaker location is different from the phone.  I copmared the cover to another Galaxy II that is sold in Asia and i found that the design is different.So if you bought Galaxy II from USA, don't buy cover from outside USA"]