['Not much to say, here.  This little charger works well and it was a lot less expensive than Sprint store.', "I like how long the cord is with this changer so that I'm able to reach the night stand and table from where I plug it in at.  However, I'm not a fan of how long it seems to take to charge to full charge, nor how it atomically &#34;stops&#34; charging at certain times on it's own.", 'This is a very good charger to keep for travel and as a back up in your house. I use it frequently.', 'I was very pleased with this item when I got it back so quickly because it was a gift. However, I cannot give a 5 star rating for a product that never worked.', "The Phone charger works, it charges the phone. However, while the phone is charging it continually beeps as when the battery is too low.It will not stop beeping while it is charging until the battery reaches a certain percentage.I do not think this is the correct charger to be using on the phone I have.Now I am worried based on other reviewers that the battery may blow on the phone and I'll have to replace that too.I would not recommend buying this charger.The charger from my old blackberry works better.", 'I had to replace the cord from the first one I purchased a month ago, but this one is great.', 'It works great. It has a longer cord than the one I got with the phone. I would recommend this item.', 'When i went to take the charger out of my wallit snapped in half. Lesson learned,cheap things break too quickly.', 'This power cord is a great replacement for the standard dual use cord that comes with your phone. By dual use, I mean, the standard cord that comes with your phone is a usb data cable with a dc power plug on the end. Sometimes I am using the phone and just one twist or tug of the line and the cable will disconnect from the dc power supply, which I imagine will cause the data cable to short out over time and also may ruin the battery. Phone companies just got cheap and decided to stop sending phones with a power cable AND a data cable separately, but in the end, you will go out and get yourself a standard power cable...like this one, which is just fine...quality-wise and price-wise. Yep. Oh, and this does have a big red light that comes on once you plug it into the wall, whether your phone is plugged to it or not, so if you are one of those nit picky sleepers that needs a completely dark room to sleep, you stick yourself a small piece of black electrical tape over the light, because it is brighter then you may think.', "we've had it a month and it's working great. wish the cord was a little longer but it's much longer than the one you get with the phone.", 'it works and it works well. i go through chargers pretty quickly so im hoping this one will hold up. so far, so good! the wire is thick and its well put together! as far as im concerned, its well worth the small amount', 'Thanks for the quick delivery time. And, it actually is a quality note pad! Mom loves it, it was a replacement gift for another brand from another company that did not work, this one is awesome!', 'I love that this has a longer cord!  It fits great in my phone!  Very pleased you have it so cheap!  Thanks!', "Paid $0.32 for the charger and $2.81 Shipping & Handling.....Yeah, I know the shipping & handling was much more expensive than the charger was but I needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so I am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work.....which is an all day job huh?  LOL!  Wow, I wish I could write reviews for a living wouldn't that be nice?  I think the total price of $$3.13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $10-$20.  Ms_Thrifty has done it again!  Stay tune to more reviews, Oh how I love Amazon!", "Gave this 4 of 5 stars because the cord is waaaaaaay too short. Works well. Charges phone quickly also. Wouldn't buy again however.", 'Its a charger and it works as advertised. It also cam in the mail pretty quickly so I am satasfied with that as well.', "U can never have too many.  Bought this as a spare for purse, home and work.  Now I don't have to worry about forgetting it.", "Product came really fast, nice long cord, which was great considering factory cord is so short. Worked great til the third day, then I don't know what happened...at the price I didn't expect perfection, and at Sellers defense,I have not contacted them..it could easily be my own fault and I've been so busy...even review is late. (Sorry)", 'Have this in my office at work for a little extra boost when needed. Nothing fancy just a charger that does what its ment to do.']