['This is an excellent divice, I have order several within 6 months for family and friends who wanted to take mine. Love it!', "This charger doesn't work very well. When plugged in, it shows that it is charging, but after ten minutes I'm lucky to get 1% more on my battery. I only use it now if my battery is low and I want to keep it from getting lower...that's really all it's good for.", 'I was pretty upset to find that one day it stopped charging my phone, right in the middle of a long trip. FFFFFFUUUUUUU...', "I really like this charger and not having the cord hanging around all the time when it's not necessary.  Item was received quickly and was as seller stated. The cord retracts in a snap when I'm done with it. It also pulls out to whatever length so that I can just pull it out a short way to plug my phone in and the cord is not everywhere. I recommend it!", "It works, that's about all that can be said for it. It charges my Galaxy fine, but cord does not retract. Mine came with a busted spring. Cheap enough I don't care, not worth the shipping to return. It charges, I suppose that's all that matters", "Looking at the price, I ordered 2 of these.It served the purpose initially. But in few months one of them stopped working.that's 50% hit rate. Though, I don't what's the life for the other charger.", "Initially it is a great charger at a great price. However, I've been through 2 now and they tend to not last very long. For the price though I guess it's still not a bad deal.", 'love it for moving from car to car.  great for a mobile person. can pack in brief case or backpack when travel, without worry about cord hanging or wrapping.', "The charger works fine.  It was a great value considering how much they cost in stores.  However, it doesn't retract at all.", 'The plug fits and it charges my Captivate, it felt rather snug. The "retractable"-ness of this charger is anything but. Plain ol\' doesn\'t work. I literally took it out of the package, and the first time I pulled the cord out - didn\'t yank, tug, or otherwise forcefully pull it - about 10 inches and hit the retract button to test it out and it retracted about 2 inches of it. I pulled it out further, retracted about 4 or so inches of it. Bottom line was that after messing with it and *feeding* it back into the charger versus it retracting itself automatically when depressing the retract button, it took a few minutes to get the plug retracted so that only a few inches of cable was still hanging out of the charger and that was the best I could get. The cable would only automatically retract 2-4 inches at any given length. The main reason I wanted this was for the "retractability" since I hate having cables dangling around.Working on getting a refund for this item now.', "I've used this for almost 2 years now and it JUST NOW broke. But I can still used it. The button that retracts it just got loose so it doesn't latch anymore.", 'took longer than expected to be delivered but over all satisfied with the charger. the retractable cord is just long enough to reach the cup holder in my truck where i usually put my phone. down side, ive already got 2 welps on my arm from retracting the cord! be careful! haha.', 'was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews. Price was great so I bought extras just in case. Quality seems great. Cord not quite as flimsy as expected from other comments. Love not having the cords getting tangled in car', 'I love the retractable feature as it hides away so nicely. I does the job just as well as a thick corded device. excellent product.', "This works just fine to recharge my Captivate. With some products, it's impossible to get a good tight connection to the phone at the USB end; this one does not have that problem.", 'Item shipped and arrived very fast. Item is perfect for my car & phone, very compact. Item is as advertise.']