['HTC Cable?', 'Not compatible for LG Dare', 'Trust HTC accessories for HTC phones.', 'EXACTLY what i wanted!', 'Great price but not a great product!', 'cheap']
[5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 2.0]
["This is clearly not a HTC cable as it has the Blackberry logo on it and the bulk packaging label says Blackberry...but it's a OEM micro usb cable none the less and works perfectly on any micro usb device I plugged it into.While I haven't tested it's speed against other cables I doubt it outperforms any other OEM cable but it works and that's all I asked for of it.The cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.It should also be noted that the cable shown in the picture is not of the actual product, that is a mini usb cable and appears to be quite a bit longer than the product, this cable is 1m long.", '"This cable not recommended for this device." That is what I get for an error message. Plus it is really short.', 'I only trust HTC accessories for HTC phones having bad luck with aftermarket products that are cheaper, but cheap is expensive.', "I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!", "I was really impressed by the price and was very excited when it arrived. But it doesn't work like it says it does. At first it charged my phone just fine but then it stopped charging; I waited a day to charge again but it still didn't charge.", "well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc."]