["this product is great value for the price. and it works like it suppose to. you can't beat it. you always need extra cords.", 'poor manufacturing quality the connector is too long and does not properly fit in my phone. I would not buy this.', "cable works fine with my verizon Galaxy S4, it charges and transmit the data fine.However, connector tip(phone side) is too thick, it won't fit if you use aftermarket cases.", 'It is what it is. A charging and sync cord. It charges the phone and helps transfer data from the phone to the computer.', 'The cable is good, but it does not fit the Samsung Galaxy S4. It does plug in, but not far enough in to hold securely.', 'It works and is a good value for the price compared to the retail stores. The only negative is that it is just a tad too short.', 'works great. it is always good to have backup cables and this one works great and replaced my old one.', "I have purchased many chargers for my Samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them.  Maybe I'm just really hard on chargers but I feel like they should last more than a few months.  Spend the money and get a good quality one.", 'I got this to charge my Samsung Galaxy S2 but it ALWAYS came unplugged from the phone, whenever the phone would be moved it falls out and even just resting on a flat surface it would eventually find its way out of the phone. I had to buy another USB cord because I became very frustrated with this', 'Purchased this USB cable to connect my Samsung smartphone to my laptop computer.  Works well and fits my needs and expectations.', 'it works great and came at the right time you can never have enough chargers for every where lol thanks', 'These were really inexpensive and they work just like I wanted them to.There have been no problems so far', 'It was what I expected to be and works fine, thought it might have been a larger gauge of wire?', 'do you need to charge your phone? so you need to transfer data? then boy oh boy this cable does that.', "Works fine IF you don't move the phone.  If you handle the phone, the plug works its way out within two or three minutes.  This despite a relatively stiff fit.  Note that the cord that came with the phone plugs in smoothly and securely.  That's my general-use cord now; this one is relegated to overnight charging where the phone isn't being used.", 'Disappointed at how cheap they are and doubt they were designed for newer devices.  They are also very short.  Took a long time to ship.  Specifically purchased due to the ad saying they were for Samsung Galaxy devices.  It did not work in my S4.  They require a good charger a d one that is newer and better.', 'damaged charger. when i recieved it the charger had a short in it. i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge.']