['Good adapter', 'Perfect Item!', 'Great Adapter to Stream Video/Presentations From Your Apple Device', 'Wonderful Product', 'Great Screen Mirroring Solution for 30-Pin Apple Products!', 'Fantastic adaptor for mirroring']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Works awesome. I use my Ipad 2 and watch movies from it to my TV. It does the job and alot less then Apple adapters.', 'This item works as described. I am able to connect my ipad to the TV while charging my IPAD. One thing though before purchasing, make sure you purchase 2 HDMI cables.', 'This adapter with its short, 3", flexible cable is perfect to mirror your iPad/iPhone 4/iPod Touch on a television screen, although read-on for technological limitations.  It works by plugging into your Apple device (using the older, 30-pin connection and NOT the lightning connection), converting the signal to HDMI-compatible output and then streaming into a TV screen using an HDMI cable (not included.)  I\'m always a little anxious when using a third-party Apple connector since I\'ve had bad experiences in the past when the connection wouldn\'t fit right.  The VicTsing adapter has no such problems -- at least, not the one I have.  I had my iPad connected to my TV in seconds.Keep in mind that this adapter is highly specific.  If you want to show home movies, presentations, slide shows, etc. stored on your device, it works great.  It even streams Netflix from iPad to TV.  But not everything works.  For example, Amazon VOD will not work, and iTunes copy-protected purchases will not work.  If you hope to use your Apple device to make your TV into a wireless streaming device, look elsewhere -- at the Roku, for example.  This is best for viewing HD video (hence the HDMI) and other HD content that you\'ve prepared yourself since copy-protection will quash mirroring attempts.  This is no fault of the adapter; the content source limits what it can do.The HD quality of video passed through this adapter and my HDMI cable is top-notch.  Since many workplaces and conferences don\'t support or supply HDMI cables, you may think you\'ve got your presentation ready to go when you really need a 30-pin to VGA adapter for your non-video PowerPoint presentation, so consider carefully your needs before purchase.  Note:  I received a sample for review.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann', 'When I got the iPhone and iPad for the first time I also bought the (pretty pricey) Apple\'s VGA adapter for these devices. Over the years I had used that adapter very infrequently. Most of my computer monitors either use the VGA cable to connect to the permanently attached computer, or, especially these days, don\'t use the VGA for input. Another inconvenience with the VGA adapter is that it doesn\'t carry audio, so a separate audio cable needs to be connected to the audio jack of the iPhone or iPad. Furthermore, the VGA resolution is pretty low, and most TVs these days either don\'t have a separate VGA plug or that mode is underutilizing the full potential of their resolution. The bottom line is this: the VGA adapters are largely useless for most purposes that I would need them for.This HDMI adapter is everything that I would want from such a device/cable. It connects my iPhone and iPad to the high-res TVs effortlessly, and provides the high resolution output that I have come to expect these days. My first generation iPad was recognized by my 24" Westinghouse HDTV as a 720p input, and my iPhone 4S was recognized as 1080p input. I streamed several YouTube videos at various resolutions, and the output through this cable broadly corresponded to what I\'d expect. I\'ve watched whole episodes of Netflix-streaming shows, and have had no problems or delays with the picture quality. I was also able to mirror various iPhone apps onto the TV while using them. One of my favorite things to do with this adapter was to watch various videos and pictures that I had recorded onto my iPhone. Previously I had to settle to watching them only on the small screen.One of the most innovative features of this adapter is the ability to simultaneously charge your iOS device while watching the videos on your TV. In my previous experience streaming video content to the outside screen would usually result in a very rapid draining of the internal battery. With this adapter not only does this not occur, but I actually end up with extra battery power in my iPhone.There have, however, been some shortcomings and hiccups with the use of this adapter. Almost all of them were caused by the restrictions in either the iOS or the particular app that I was using. I was not able to play a movie that I downloaded into my iPad\'s movies collection due to some silly copyright rights management issues. While watching a Netflix move I was not able to pause it without disconnecting my iPhone first. There were some other minor glitches while watching the YouTube videos.As you might have guessed from this adapter\'s description and ints picture, this adapter is not designed to work with the latest generation of iOS devices. I hope that the future edition of this product incorporates those changes. I would also like to see the future version of this adopter use the mini HDMI output instead of the standard HDMI. Both of these changes would make such an adapter considerably more compact.Overall, this is a great product and its\' definitely worth the money. You\'ll make the most out of your iOS devices with it.', 'I was provided a VicTsing Digital AV HDMI Adapter for testing and review and was asked only to give my honest review, so this is what I found.Look: The product came in an unmarked plastic bag with no information or instructions (not that it needed any).  The adapter had standard Apple 30-pin connector symbols on the two Apple plugs and "HDMI" over the HDMI output.  No other markings were present.  The product is very compact at about 2" x 5" with a high quality build.  It feels solid at the connections and the cable seems strong.  Overall, it looks like a solid piece of equipment.Use and Performance: I tested this Adapter out using my iPad 2 and everything worked perfectly.  I plugged it into a 720p Samsung TV using an AmazonBasics HDMI cable and the iPad screen popped right up on the TV right away.  It basically mirrored the iPad perfectly.  Swiping was normal.  All apps displayed just fine.  The picture was crystal clear.  Very impressive.  I then tried the Video App which, instead of mirroring the screen, displayed a message on the iPad stating that the video was playing on an external screen and the video played with sound perfectly on the TV.  Not mirroring on video playback is a great battery saver.  There was virtually no lag between swiping on the iPad and the TV screen updating.  I also plugged in an iPad charging cable into the secondary 30-pin connector input and the battery began charging with no problems.Conclusion: Overall, this is a very nice HDMI Adapter for mirroring your older generation Apple devices.  The performance is great and the price is very reasonable.  It would be great for presentations or simply entertaining your kids on a bigger screen with videos.  If you are looking for a way to put your Apple device\'s screen up on a larger monitor, this is a nice product to try.', "If you need to mirror your ipad/iphone onto a TV screen, this product is a very good option.  You plug it into your Apple device and then, using a HDMI cable (which is not included) you get perfect screening on your TV.  It's very efficient and takes very little time to do.  You can mirror your Apple devices on your TV within seconds.Best of all, it is HD.  So when you want to screen your Netflix onto your TV and watch in HD quality, no problem.  Done within seconds.As others have mentioned, it works great with some things like Netflix but not with others, like iTunes.  It is my understanding that it has to do with copyright protections and the limitations certain companies place on their products.  So it's not the fault of this adaptor but it's good to know before you purchase.Overall for the price, I think this is a very good and useful adaptor.  I recommend it.I received a sample for review."]