['Good case', 'Premium tuff diamante case for iPhone 5', 'Great', 'Not bad for the price', 'MY BAT IPHONE5', 'THE BEST !!', 'Pretty', 'Not a good fit', 'Great case', 'Cute case', 'Nice', 'didnt really fit my iphnone 5', 'Trooper', 'very pretty and durable']
[4.0, 2.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["I've already dropped my phone and it survived the drop thanks to this case. I like this case for protection and it's very cute. So far the rhinestones have stayed on.", 'I bought this phone because it was very pretty and different.  However, when it came the plastic pieces will not clip together securely and are very cheap.  This was not worth the purchase.  I was disappointed in this product.', 'The case is real good quality and was completely intact while it came through the mail. I would recommend this case if you are thinking about buying it.', 'For the price this case is not bad.  It is pretty and and stylish.  Not as nice as some of the other cheap ones I have ordered from Amazon but still nice.', 'I really like my MYBAT IPHONE cover because it is sturdy enough to protectmy phone, and has all the bling I love.', 'Buy this !! First I ordered their bling and gel in purple and was so happy with the quality and price I went back and bought this..have bought every cover this seller has as the quality is amazing. I roller blade daily with this phone for the music and not a single particle has fallen off !!', 'Pretty case. My sister loves it for her iPhone 5. Case looks exactly like the picture but better in person. Rhinestones make it really bling.', "I should have returned this for a replacement to see if that was the problem, but it was cheap and someone lost the packaging during the Christmas Day unwrapping.  We can make it fit and it gets better if it is on the phone a couple of days, but that isn't how a phone case should work out of the box.", 'What a fun and super cute case!  It fits the phone great and I have gotten tons of compliments about it!  So glad I purchased this case!', 'This case is pretty cute. The rhinestones do fall off so if you are looking for a case that lasts a long time this is not the case.  I have had for a month and I noticed a few places that the rhinestones were missing.  Also talking with this case on the phone can be uncomfortable.', 'Nice bling. Great product. I need the protection.  Love the color scheme. Nice product. Protects my phone. Would recommend to other people.', 'i didnt really like this case the stuff was coming off and it didnt fit my iphone 5 right like other cases', "I have dropped this case a dozen times and rhinestones stayed on. It really is a good protector care.  There is a little wear and tear on it now but I am sure that's from the way I hold it...it took a while for some rhinestones to come off...and when 1 comes off it's like a domino effect", 'I love this case. I was always skeptical about buying a &#34;bling&#34; case because I was afraid the little gems would fall off but so far that has not been a problem and I do not baby my phone! The only con I have is that once the case is on you have to have nails to turn your phone on silent and as a chronic nail biter thats a bit of a problem for me. I find myself cramming my finger in there and separating the case pieces to turn it to silent then snapping the case back together. Other than that its a great case..so much so that I bought 2 more in different colors.']