["While this case is very cute & fun, it's not very ideal; it's just too big & bulky to use your phone with, the wings makes the phone very uncomfortable to hold.  I was able to communicate with the seller who gave a full refund, they were VERY easy & friendly to work with.  Thank you.", 'This silicone case it fantastic. My phone stays in and do not slide or come out. This is a cute case.', 'I would recommend this product to friends and family ... Fits perfect for my iPhone 5 ... But I have bought a case for my phone for more protection!!!', 'I was very please it arrived on time and it was on of 50 cases I ordered for my grand daughter for her birthday. She love it. Great for kids.', 'I think this itemis sooooooooo cute and it protects my Iphone 5 from nicks and scratches i love it worth every penny', "I gave this three stars because the cover itself is so cute... If you like using your flash while taking pics or like taking pics at night, you'll need to remove the cover before doing so.  The cover interferes with the flash.  The wings are a little week, so I see them bending or tearing after to much use.... I change my covers often so I don't expect to have that problem... Shipping too a month!  8 (Much, much to long for my taste.  Will not order from this manufacturer again.", 'Great case! Got a lot of compliments on it thanks! I switch up a lot but this one get a lot of attention!', "The wings were in the way and there was too much space between the bottom of the phone and the case. The cords don't fit properly. i don't use it. It was a waste of money.", "I'm usually always happy with the products I get, but this one was way bigger than I expected and is hard to even use my phone with it on sometimes. Always the yellow is duller than in the picture and the material isn't great, but good for a cheap case.", 'cute soft case. came in cute packaging. volume buttons work fluidly. i do not know why they put a hole for the vibrate/sound option because it is almost a centimeter from the switch.', "It's so cute and the eyes are derp haha :) It's just awesome gets a lot of compliments, not as tight fitting as was expecting but I am careful with my phone!"]