["I really like this case. I just wish the corners and sides actually went over the screen a little bit so if I were to drop it it would have some leverage. Other than that it's great!", 'I have had this case on my phone for 2 days.  It is definitely a nice color, and it offers protection, but the fit is strange.  I feel as though the phone is going to fall out, however it is in there secure.  Easy removal, which we all know is a must, the fingerprints left on the case bother me (I am OCD), and the volume buttons require me to dig my nail into them (which is easier for me than pushing real hard).  I am loving the curved edges look, and bottom line, the protection.  I would rate this product a 4.5 for sure!', 'LOVE this case! The color is so very pretty! I wish it covered the front of the case a bit more, but I have dropped it MANY times and it my phone is still perfectly fine! Plus I get lots of compliments on it! People always think it is very unique and interesting. If you are looking to disguise an iphone this will do the job.', 'This case does not fit the black iPhone 5.  My phone falls out of it easily.  DO NOT BUY this product if you want to protect your iPhone 5. - Bruce Kinley', 'The iOttie Mint Protective Case is beautiful. It protects the iPhone all around.  It is firm to the hand but easy to put the iPhone in the case and remove as needed.  The case is slip proof.  It comes in several colors.', "I loved this cover, very attractive, very well made, only thing is, it's to big to fit in a case to carry it,nobody mentioned that, other than that if you carry it in your pocket, which I don't do, it's absolutely perfect.", 'I had watched reviews about this item and saw such high ratings! I had attempted ordering this case twice! Caveat! This item arrived as the iOttie Popsicle and not the Sprinkle. This was advertised &#34;New&#34; but surely was used. This i could of lived with if it just fit the iphone 5. All the videos indicate a snug fit, however with the Popsicle version it was anything but that. The upper left part of the case (screen facing you) just &#34;peeled&#34; right off with no suggestion of a &#34;snug&#34; fit. This happened on both orders! Im not sure if the Sprinkle is a second version of the series so it shall fit and protect tightly and that  I will never know. I welcome feedback on anyone that obtained the actual Sprinkle!! It is a great looking case! I spent more time with shipping and returning than having the case on!!!', "story: I'm the typical iphone case addict (one who want to try every kind of iphone case there is) who happened to see this eye catching case. read a couple of the reviews and decided to take the risk or buying it. I'll tell you now, I'm very pleased with the product itself and they were very fast with the processing plus shipping (only took 2 days).now, straight to the review:first impression:I personally like the combination of yellow and black. I also like the fact that putting this case totally changes the appearance of the iPhone 5, however,  I'm giving this part a 4 out of 5, since the product that came was a bright yellow (rather than the displayed model which is a little bit more dark yellow)design and built:basically, this case has two materials, the rubber foam (interior) and Thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU) which really helps in absorbing most impacts. great built and quality case.  the power and volume buttons gives a nice feedback and the case has a nice &#34;lay on the table&#34; design, so if you want to put your phone upside down, it doesn't scratch the screen (I'd still put on a screen protector, just in case). This feels snug, and gives the feeling of pure protection. I think the only flaw in this is that the cut outs for the phone (where you plug the headphones and charging cable) is too deep, giving it no room for third party accessories; if you have a thick earphone/headphone jack, don't even bother. I'm giving this a category a 4 out of 5.now, this is subjective: the case makes the phone a little bit bulky because of the way iOttie designed this, but NOT a flaw at all. the ergonomic design is still adequate and feels nice to hold when using the phone.**take note: the back of the phone is glossy and attracts dust and fingerprints, but of you are getting a bright color, it's not noticeable.Summary: If you're looking for a quality case, this is a great case to buy, no doubt. I only wished that they would darken the yellow a little bit more and they should have included a screen protector with this product.I am giving this a 4 out of 5 (I wish amazon would put 4.5)****NOTE: regarding the durability of this case, I will edit this again if something happens on this case.", "I'm was looking for the best case,  searching amazon and YouTube watching reviews.And the. I saw a review in MTPFLYERS,, this guy take a closer view of the case and talking about everything and that's why I decided to bought.Recommend this product 100 %Excellent, easy to use and fits exactly with your iphone 5", "Tired of boring iphone cases? I was. This looked different so I thought I'd give it a try. I absolutely love this case. I get compliments with this case unlike many others I've had. I also have people ask if I got a new phone. It completely transforms your iphone. On screen navigation is much easier due to sides than aren't bulky on the front. I ordered another iottie case. I don't think I will ever use another case!", 'This is a great case! I read the reviews and didn\'t think it would happen but I actually got quite a bit of comments (both intrigued and complimentary) on it!Yes, yes this makes it look bulky but in my opinion, it makes it easier to handle. This is easy to take on and off, which makes me understand the reviews about it not "fitting" properly. However, it just adheres once you slip it in. I was worried about it popping out when dropped, but several drops (and throws--missing the bed!), the case just bounces off soundly and safely. I am very confident in its protection. I have dropped it SO many times.. the phone lands on the side, face down, and on its back. It\'s still perfect.There\'s an obvious roundness but there\'s also a curvature on the back. You can spin your phone! After several months, there are small, thin scratches and scuffs on the edges. I got the White color though, so it doesn\'t show prominently.On another note, theAmazonBasics USB A to Lightning Compatible Cable (3 Feet/0.9 Meter)--Amazon charger-- fits this perfectly, with extra room too.The jack slot cord needs to "linear". If it\'s angled, it\'s going to have a hard time fitting cause there\'s some enclosed depth that the thickness of the case gives. So your AUX or headphone cords might not fit perfectly. Using the standard iPhone headphones are fine, for example.', "While I love my iPhone interface, I also love the rounded shape and size of other smartphones. This case is slim, lightweight, and has a nice shape. I was a little worried at first; it didn't seem to fit just right, and it doesn't cover any of the front of the phone. But it quickly conformed to the shape of the phone, and is plenty secure. If you put the phone face down there is enough of a lip to keep the face off of the surface it's laying on. The edges have a nice grippiness but don't collect dust, dirt and hair like my old rubbery Otterbox case for the 3gs. The slimness and slickness makes popping it in my pocket or bag very easy. I just love the feel of this thing in my hand and I think it looks great!"]