['good glass', 'JUNK', 'money saver', 'As described in the advertisement. Cheap solution for broken glass', 'Broken Screen', 'Good', 'Works ok.', "Kit was great.. I wasn't", 'great', 'easy does it', 'Everything was good, but,....this is not real Samsung one.']
[4.0, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 2.0]
["The glass is very good and well protected.  The tools are very weak and don't seem to add much value to this package.  A razor blade, hair dryer, and a CD-R is all I used.", 'I had bought this to fix my screen.  Everything went well except the screen actually chipped by the button.  Not to mention this was the second screen they had to ship me the first one came cracked.  Before they would send a new one they made me take a picture of it and email to them.This is a 5 dollar item.Bottom line is that there is a lack of quality', 'This was easy to apply and the tools were helpful. It also got me the ability to my previously cracked sg3 for $50 to gazelle instead of throwing it away.', 'Great cheap solution for the most common problem of the Galaxy S3! Very nice finish, looks exactly like the original one. You just need a heat gun, a tutorial (there are hundreds in youtube), and you are to go!. My screen is just like new now. Very happy with it. Totally recommend it.', "I just bought this screen because it was going to cost 200.00 to send my phone in and use my insurance. I think this is an easier way to replace a screen at a lower price. Be careful not for the average person. You need some knowledge of electronics so you don't burn anything.", 'Thank you, the quality seems great for the money, I can not beat it if I did it with a stick. Thanks', "If you really want to replace your cracked screen because the shattered one is driving you nuts, then this is for you. HOWEVER, you may want to think twice before replacing it. There is a bit of work to do when replacing this.You HAVE to make sure that you heat the screen up enough to get it to come unglued from the little glue pad that's underneath it, if not, you will damage the pad and have to get an entire replacement (with LCD) anyways. I replaced mine and it looks just like it's factory, cool, right? Yes and no. Yes because it looks right, no, because:1. It cuts out. It just stops sensing my touch. I have to turn the screen off and back on for it to work again. It's very annoying.2. Cracks easily.3. Scratches VERY easily.Here's what I ended up doing. I searched for an OEM replacement for my phone on Amazon, it costs $189. I also called SAMSUNG, they will fully refurbish your phone for $139. Cheaper if it doesn't need the LCD replacement. You may save a bunch of money just buying this and doing the work yourself, but I hate not being able to use my phone as I please. So I sent mine back to SAMSUNG and had them refurbish it.", "Was promised and delivered on time. The kit actually comes with more than what you need, but buyer beware ! Due to my own negligence and not manufacturer, I shot the control strip. It is best to leave this repair to a professional. Too bad I didn't. My GS3 worked before, and now it doesn't. But that isn't the manufacturer's fault, it is mine.", "Since they wanted the price of a new phone to replace the cracked screen we purchased this product to fix it our self's. It takes patience and the help of one other person to accomplish this task but we got it done. Save your self some money and fix it yourself.", "it's an ok kit but doesn't have the right tools to lift the old one off without damaging the underlying LCD so be very careful using it.", 'Everything was good, but,....this is not real Samsung one.This is little thick than original one.However, there are a lot of tools for fix your phone, this is very awesome.Be careful to take off your original glass from your phone. In my case, I failed to safe taking off so, my phone was died.']