["I wish the new reviews had been here before I ordered this item. They're most accurate. This is a really bad cover, and can't be used. Don't go anywhere near it.", 'Turned out to be very good quality. Took time to ship it to me, but after replacing it looks exactly like the original one. Loved it.', 'this is actually a very great product i would recommend it if you just wanna switch your white back to have some fun of if yours is cracked!', 'Use this on a phone replacement last week.  very nice quality cover and very easy replacement.  Looks exactly like the oem Apply back but not made of glass should it should be a little more durable.  Why would any manufacturer use glass on the back of a mobile phone anyhow?', "This glass backing was just what we needed. Cheap, easy, efficient, way to fix the cracked housing. I was sent an original iPhone backing that fit on perfectly, just as the previous one did. The only downside is the camera lens covering is scratched a bit so the pictures aren't as sharp. Other than that, it was satisfactory.", "You can't tell it is a replacement!  So much so, that I brought it back to Apple because the phone kept freezing and they couldn't tell.Funny how Apple won't do anything to help you if you have a cracked screen... replace the screen and they will give you a brand new phone.", 'This is the easiest way to fix you iphone. I cant believe it was that easy, cell phone companies want to charge you insurance deductibles for this it is crazy never again pay for it if you great the back of your iphone 4/4s. Just beware that some times the little torx screw driver they send you it is too big, also keep in mind you are buying the back cover not necessarily the tools. The tools are just a bonus.', 'it was ok but the shipment takes long timenice and very close to original part , work just OKi kind of like it , for me totally OK go for it', 'Nice looking and easy to install.  My biggest problem is with the camera lens, it comes with a few layers of plastic and you need to peel them off without scratching the lens itself.  Other than that, a great cover.', 'really good for anyone looking to replace the back of their iPhone 4 or iPhone 4sfixed iPhone 4s easilyeasy installationreally good price', "The price is good but the lens on the camera is not so good.  There is not a piece of glass covering the lens so there's a &#34;hole&#34; where a lot of dust gets in and it's very difficult to remove.", 'Nice back and within 2 simple screws being removed the old was off and the new was back on! Great product!']