['Very good', 'Good case', 'Fits great, well protected', 'Incipio MT-214 Dual Pro Case for Motorola Droid RAZR HD - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black/Neon Pink']
[5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['Love Incipios.  They offer good protection, proved by many drops.  They do not add bulk and they give great grip.', "This is a good case. Reminds me of Seidio or Otterbox. Has a rubber inner layer and a hard plastic outter layer. Covers the whole phone and has enough of a lip so when you place the phone face down the screen doesn't touch. Easy on and off. I just wish they had more color options.", "Was looking for a case for my Motorola HD Vehicle Navigation Dock for Motorola DROID RAZR HD/RAZR MAXX HD. This case Does fit inside the dock. I'm very happy I don't have to take the case off to put it in the dock.It is not quite as grippy as the Kevlar(looking) back of the stock case due to the hard plastic cover, but the sides have just enough texture to help hold.It adds girth to the phone, but not nearly what I expected. I was thinking of something huge, and when I put the case on, I was pleasantly surprised.HD and USB ports are not protected, but I didn't want them to be so It would fit my dock correctly.Hard plastic shell wraps around all 4 corners, but nothing on the top or bottom. Not an issue.Buttons line up fine, I've even tried to twist the cover to get them to not line up, and the buttons still work correctly.This case also keeps the look and feel of the razr hd. I really liked the squared off shape of the HD, and this case kept that look.Extra: screen protector is a cheapie added in to the box. I'll keep it on until its scratched and replace with a ZAGG MOTDRORAZRHDS invisibleSHIELD.Overall exactly what I was looking for.", 'I love Otterbox but now I am seeing that Otterbox may have some competition on its hands I bought this as well as the Otterbox and so far I like this better because the color is beautiful and the ease of using it is much better than the Otterbox. Taking the cases off and putting them back on the Incipio is wwwaaayyy easier than the Otterbox it is flexable and I am seeing that it does not lose its shape. For ten dollars less I would have to say this was worth 20. Good luck on your purchase.']