['necus 4 leather case', 'Great Holster and works with case I have on Nexus 4', 'Have a n4, poetic borderline case + this', 'Great Quality', 'Fits perfectly for the Nexus 4 with the silicon protective skin on it', 'Works well', 'Fits Nexus 4 well', 'Looks good with a Decent Leather']
[4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 4.0]
["The case it's good looking and I like the fact that the interior is also leather, but I ran in a little issue when I use the original nexus 4 bumper which somehow makes me push the power button when I'm using the phone which turn the devise off, I guess it is because the tight fit but to me that was not an issue when I use a TPU case which had cutouts on the power key, or If I use the phone on my left side which put the power button facing down", 'I bought a Diztronics TPU case for my Nexus 4 phone, and when I ordered the Holster, I was worried that the phone might not fit in the holster with the case on it. It fits perfectly, so the phone is protected when it is not in the holster. Made very well, and I like the design of having the belt thread though the loops in the case so that the Holster cannot unclip and fall to the ground.  Well worth the money.Diztronic Matte Back Translucent Smoke Flexible TPU Case for LG Nexus 4 - Retail Packaging', "I've had this case for several months now, bit of a tight fit lengthwise with a nexust 4 and this:Poetic Borderline Bumper Google Warrantycase, and slightly wide but the tighting length fit means that it doesn't bounce around.  Flap hasn't popped open accidentally except for when caught on a non-tuckedin shirt, again tightish fit would prevent most accidental ejections of the phone from the case.  No problems with the belt clip, i.e. hasn't broken and that's all I use and have since the weather has been warm enough to not wear a coat(goes in breast pocket if it's coat weather)...Basically, looks like the pictures/description/works/durable clip.", 'This is a very nice carry case and it works with several of the minimalist phone cases on the market.  I say this because I cover my phone with a Cimo S-Line case for protection from scrapes and scratches while I have it out on a desk or table, then slide it in this case for extra protection and the use of the belt clip when on the move.  It is very well made and holds the phone in place with a magnetic flap.  It will not hold the nexus 4 if it is covered with anything but a thin case or bumper.', "Not too loose and not too tight so the phone is easily taken out of the holster with one hand and put back in with ease.  I had a Diztronic rubber case over the phone and it was perfect too.  The holster material is a fake leather but it held up very well for over a year.  I have an office job so it didn't get battered by any means but it held up for some crazy lunches.  Hot sauce was everywhere!", 'This case works well as expected. However, if you are/were in my situation, take heed: This is the same case that fits the Samsung Galaxy S2 and the LG G2. I upgraded to the latter phone from the former and thought this case was different from my old case, when, in fact, it is EXACTLY the same case. The sales headline states this case is for the LG G2 and Nexus 4 but does not mention the Galaxy S2 which fooled me.', 'There are not too many choices for phone cases for the Nexus 4 yet, this one works well.  o o', 'Quality leather product and fits my Nexus 4 well even with a side casing on. Overall a quality product that looks decent.My only challenge was that they charged $5.95 for a shipping that arrived USPS ground. They kept the cost intentially low but made up in shpping and handling. Overall still worth for the money and better alternative then buying in any local shop.']