['Excellent', 'Awesome', 'Perfect', 'Love the mat - HATE the case.', 'It was missing something out of the box', 'so practical product', 'this is great !']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['I really like how its so easy to just drop and charge; without worrying about it overcharging or losing its charge. The travel unit is compact and easily fits into a pocket or purse for travel. I was concerned about the cover being slippery to hold but it is not. the rubber sides actually make it easy to grip and carry. I have dropped it by mistake and watched it bounce and land on its back. Its a great charger and can be adapted for use in the car or at home. It was a good value, price wise.', "I've become a huge fan of the power mat systems now. I travel frequently and noticed that the Tulsa Airport utilizes these and it makes it super easy to charge on the go as opposed to lugging your charger everywhere you are. The spare power supply is really helpful too. Its universal for older iphones and any micro usb phone.", "It's funcional, easy to use, and in the best conditions. It's the thing that I wanted long time ago s", "I love the powermat portion of the product and not having to plug in a charger all the time. I have noted that the powermat charges my cell a lot faster than plugging it into a regular charger. The only downsides to the powermat portion are that you have to have the phone positioned on it correctly, or it won't charge. It would be better if you could just throw the phone on it whatever way and it would charge rather than putting the phone on it and waiting for the beep to see if you put it on right.The huge downside is the clunky phone case you have to keep on your phone to use the powermat. This thing makes the powermat almost unbearable. The clunky side buttons do not connect with the phone's real buttons so you spend all this time pounding on the side volume or power button. You get to the point where you almost want to throw your phone out the window. And it's not one of those cases you can easily take off after you charge your phone - oh no, that would be too simple. If Duracell would make a better case, then this thing would be a real winner.", "When i received package the little white box that is displayed was not in the box, therefore i cant rate something i didn't get.", 'with this product I do not need to buy Samsung charger anymoreit charges the device in the same time that any original charger doesI am not worry anymore about being out of chargeryou can also charge when the portable charger is being chargedso you can charge two phones in the same time', "I really wanted a charging pad for the convenience of NOT having to plug in the cheap little plug that comes with galaxy S3's . it seems to have a good case with rubber ends that I hope will give it much more protection than the skinny plastic one that came with the cell phone , I have dropped it twice now and not a scratch yet .. its new backing is thicker than the original so my otter case wont fit , but its a fair tradeoff I think to be able to just set it on the plate and have it charging right away ."]