["I know people always talk about the number of apps, but this has all the apps I've ever wanted. Plus the built-in OS is so nice an fluid. The camera is great in low light. I'm really looking forward to the new Nokia/Windows Phone software that the Lumia 1020 already has though.", "Really impressed.Couldn't ask for more.What I like the most:Its super sensitive touch screenNokia City Lens (maps). Gorgeous!Nokia Music, which puts its rivals to shame.Nokia Pureview. Wont believe it. The pictures are amazing! 8.7 megapixels.Its low-light performance. This alone makes it a must buy!Its wireless charger, love it.Battery life, excellent.Hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Thanks NOKIA!", "I've had two Lumia 900s, both suffered drops that cracked the screen (though they also made it safely through quite a few drops, I am a klutz).  So I decided to get the 920, and I am thrilled with it.  It comes in some gorgeous colors (bright yellow!), and it has such a beautiful and sleek form factor that I'm loathe to put it in a case (hence my blue Lumia 900's vulnerability to drops). It gets excited looks and questions wherever I go.  Last week I took it out during a meeting with about 15 of our marketing folks (predominantly young guys), and it ended up getting passed around the room with lots of positive chatter - until the conversation turned to apps.  I agree, it has most of the apps I want, but not all of the ones that I used consistently on my iPhone, and that has been the downfall of Nokia phones in recent history.The marketing campaign for the 900 was all about how everyone had been a smartphone beta tester, and this was the real deal. Followed closely by a software glitch bad enough that Nokia then gave a credit to everyone who bought a subsidized phone that made the phone FREE. I'm sad to say there are still some big problems with the Lumia line. This Lumia has had some rebooting issues, the short battery life is still a big letdown (you are running on vapors by the end of every day), and it's hefty. It fits in a pocket, but you really feel it, especially if you sit down.  All in all, however, I do love this phone and I love having something that not everyone else has.PROS*Form Factor: it's different, and gorgeous, and a conversation starter.  People want it, or want to try it.*Camera: It has a great 8.7 megapixel camera with optical image stabilization (Carl Zeiss, as always with Nokia) and takes good images even inside my house even with curtains drawn.  Sharp.*Screen: 4.5 inch screen with gorilla glass, stunningly sharp 1280 x 760 resolution and blur reduction.  It is also impressively sensitive.  Nokia is based in Finland, and they have 10 months of cold. Nokia engineers have been very motivated to make a phone that can be used while wearing gloves.*Operating System: The Windows operating system features bold, bright colors, animated images, and a very intuitive and easy interface.  I try to restrict my conversations with friends because inevitably people ask to play with the pretty interface and seem to have no qualms about opening my personal email, work email, and texts. I'm still not sure how much I like it that this phone is so attractive and attracting that it makes people forget boundaries.*Responsiveness: Superb. It has a dual-core processor, but it's optimized to run smoothly on slower chips. 60 fps screen refresh rate. It's zippy in most everything you do. 4G/LTE supported.*Maps: best in the business, and Nokia Drive is awesome. I used the 920 when I was in Chicago and it got me where I wanted to go via buses (I know, I'm cheap) every day with no issues (bus times, stop locations, etc).*Some sweet extras: wireless charging and near field communication. And they finally give you a way to resize your tiles, a lack that annoyed me with the 900. Also interfaces with my Xbox 360. I still can't set up my TV programs to record (via my cable provider) like I could with my iPhone however.*Sound: one of the things that seems improved - music quality is not bad if I forget my headphones and I can carry on business calls via speaker.*Price: a LOT cheaper than an iPhone.CONS*Size: heavy, big in your pocket and just slightly too big to be comfortable in your hand.*Battery: you know that sinking feeling you get when you have a low battery warning at the end of the day and there is something important you have to do with the phone that you may not be able to if you can't get to a charger. Yes, it's a jaw-droppingly beautiful display, but this is the result.*Operating System: Still some glitches. Nokia did spit out the Lumia line pretty quickly after the partnership with Microsoft was inked, and they are still on an aggressive timeline.  The company is in trouble, and clearly is trying to strike the balance between getting this phone into people's hands while still maintaining quality.*My plea to Nokia: I want to see the time/date and notifications without activating the phone. I loved the N9 for that.  Please bring that functionality to Lumia.", 'Nokia has always been on top with their amazing industrial design. They really have so many years of experience with different technologies, so when it comes to phones, they might know little bit more than all others. The fact that they\'ve though of little details like using Lumia 920\'s screen with gloves on, pure-black screen settings etc. just gives them so many extra points in this smartphone war.I\'m coming from iPhone 5. Which is a great piece of technology as well, but Nokia has something that makes it very friendly and fun to use. Combined with Windows Phone OS, the hardware and software are one piece of tech. A lot of phones suffer from marketing junk that is being added to the phone, cheap materials, inconsistency and just a lot of ugly little add ons that doesn\'t make it fun to use their products.Nokia Lumia 920 is beautiful. The bright yellow color makes it stand out. The fact that you only touch one setting of theme, and the whole phone changes to that shade is very smart and unique detail. Sure in Android you can add on 100 widgets (which will drain your battery faster and faster) but they\'re all inconsistent, look like they were made by a 5-year old and just add on nothing more than annoyance.App store is far behind Apple\'s iOS and Google\'s Play, which is the only thing that makes you go "ohhhhh!" with a sad face. It is slowly growing, but it will take sometime for a lot of different apps to do same thing I might want to do on iPhone or Nexus phones.What makes this phone amazing:-design-the way it fits into your hand-pure integration of software with hardware-a lot of user experience surprises that makes you wanna use the phone more and more-screen technology-camera lens-durability and recyclability-UI (user interface) is just like nothing out there-most important apps are there (not all)-originality and colorWhat can be improved:-faster update cycle and little bug fixes-more accessories and headphones-Bluetooth 4.0-more Nokia integration into their technology and services-top 10,000 apps and games must be available across all smartphone platforms.This one is for museums.']