['So Cute!', 'Favorite', 'Nice case', 'LOVE', 'great case, but...', 'Love', 'Great Case', 'good value for money', 'Great', 'Looks so pretty!', 'Not what I expected', 'Love it!', 'love it !!!!!', 'Iphone case', 'Pretty & Practical', "Don't buy it", 'Soft', 'Five Stars', 'Phone case', 'Awesome phone cover!', 'Nice case!']
[5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 1.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0]
["I love this print and I love the way it looks. It protects and doesn't make my phone bulky or heavy.", 'I love this case. I had it for my 4s and recently got the 5 so I had to get it again! It feels nice on the phone and looks really cute. Highly recommend.', 'I like the phone and it is nice for a change in the look of the phone. It will not last forever, but you get what you pay for definitely. I would purchase from this seller again.', 'I absolutely LOVE this case. It even comes with a screen protector. Nice feel to it and protects it! Recommended!', 'I would not call this silver, (it is clear and black) or leopard print for that matter. The first thing I thought (and my husband confirmed) was it looks like camo. other than that, feels like a great protective case. So I will be giving this case to my husband and ordering the zebra print for me:)', "Daughter loves this case.  Like all the others, the three-pieces seem to add protection over the plastic snap on cases.  Everything lines up well.  MYBAT has great, stylish, affordable cases.  Can't beat the quality or the price.", "Great Case, only 4 stars because there's no screen protector. I thought since this is a tough case it had a built in screen protector. Very pretty and well made though, great shipping!", "I am very happy with the case. It was a great price and isn't too big while i feel it still protects my phone well.", "I love this phone case so much. I use it all the time. It fits perfect looks great. It's exactly like the pictute", 'No coloring has worn off and i had this for about four months now, really like it. Just difficult to get to multitasking bar with tools on the bottom part of screen (on ios 7)', "I have a ole tigon of iPhone 5 cases. Some I love others I just keep to see if I can five them away because they didn't work for me.  This one is one of them. The case interfered when I tried to type. The edges are too high.", 'My daughter got this case for her iphone 4 for $30 at the mall when we were out of town  I loved it so much I decided to buy one for myself.  I was able to find on Amazon for much less.  The case is very durable and serves its purpose.', 'came new !!!! awesome case and color its a hard case and thats a plus i have drop my phone in this case and its still working not crack !!!!!! LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'I love the color and I love how well it covers the phone the only thing is I can not use the finger print code with it I have never had a code or pin to lock my phone but when I got the new one I like it the case would be a lot better if ya could use the finger print', 'I loved this case, i was a little worried when i saw the pictures online because the cut outs for the camera and ear piece at the top did not look liked it matched up to the phone like some other cases but when i received it, it matched up perfectly! & i love that its like 2 cases in one, the rubber part is on the inside & the zebra print is outside which makes for a durable case, it looks so sleek on my black iphone 5 & i am a big fan of zebra print, i would recommend this to the ladies who want a super cute case without a whole lot of bulk (otterbox) & the cutout for the logo looks great, also another important thing for me the power button & the volume buttons are super soft to press which was a problem i had with other cases.', "I wouldn't recommend this the color comes off easily and the company had to send me another one because the first  one was broken it was just a case to get me by with my new phone", "The case looks glossy and durable in the picture but when it arrived it had this soft almost fuzzy texture. I know the pattern is going to fade right away from always slipping it into my pocket. It's a little flimsy. I don't recommend it unless you want something cheep and flimsy.", 'Fit perfect and protected my phone really good, i have a 5c.', "I order this phone case for my new phone. It did come on time. The case fits a little. For some reason one side doesn't snap. The side bottom piece. Other then that it fits okay.", "I originally ordered this for the design and color, but this case is AWESOME! It protects like an otter box without being a complete eye sore and without all the extra bulk. It's easy to text with and fits in my purse or pocket nicely. It definitely protects my phone great as well. I've recommended this to my friend and between the two of us we have ordered 5 of these :)", 'I love this case. It seems sturdy and durable. The dark color does a good job of hiding dirt. The one drawback is with the five S and the fingerprint scan the home button is covered so I cant do fingerprint scans anymore but otherwise I love this case!']