['very useful', 'Very Attractive Phone Cover', 'My sister loves this product.', 'Wallet Case', 'Not bad but far from perfect', 'Wallet Case', 'To Thick and Cracks like cookies! High PRICE FOR LOW QUALITY!', 'wanted this so bad', 'leather/plastic Smells...cheaply made!!', 'Fast Shipping', 'Fairly good case except for one huge fault.']
[4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 3.0, 2.0]
["Great for holding multiple cards, licenses, or ID's, as well as holding the Iphone 5. The case protects the front and back of the phone from any scuffs or scratches and it also feels good in your hands. Customer Service could use a bit of work, but a good product.", 'Came as promised.  Love the look and space for license and credit cards.  Is a bit stiff when opened and talking on phone, but I like it very much.', "I bought this for my sister and she absolutely loved it.  It's convenient and holds all her ids, credits, and debit cards.  It removed the need for any wallets which has been very convenient for her.", 'This case is a good color and I love that it holds items and has a magnetic closing.  I just wish it had a belt clip.', "For the price I paid I'm not quite disappointed but would not recommend this for long term use. after one week of normal wear and tear the threading started separating from the leather and the magnetic clasp became increasingly loose. If you are going to a theme park for a couple days this would be a good disposable case but anything longer than that will leave you underwhelmed.", 'I have had this case for over a year and love it.  I will eventually purchase another one. For women or men on the go this is the perfect case for iphone 5 owners.The case protects well as hold credit card ids or cash.  I certainly recommend this item', 'I buy this because the colors looks great but, Is the worst quality you can buy. LESS THAN 1 MONTH THE PLASTIC CRACKED WITH OUT FALL OUT. AND IS SO THICK, LIKE HAVE 2 IPHONE 5 INSIDE. YES EXACLY 2 TIMES YOUR PHONE. GOOD LOOK IN THE PICTURE BAD CHOICE TO BUY!', 'My phone is damaged due to falling and the outer case which is supposed to hold it in place just chipped away!', "I Love this case, but it had a chemical smell to the plastic/leather  :(  If it doesn't go away I will be sending it back.November 2 , 2013Changed my mind I do NOT love this case!!! I ended up keeping it. And with in 2 weeks the plastic all around the phone broke off piece by piece!!  VERY CHEAPLY MADE!!! Very disapointed!!", "I was skeptical about buying this case because I wasn't sure what the material was like. I used it occasionally but now it just sits in a basket. Its bulky, stiff, and tight material that I'm just not a fan of. It is however protective to an extent. I also wasnt big on the card holding piece.", "This was one of our many wallet cases we've tried for our iPhones.  While it is a good wallet for the price, one aspect of it makes it worthless, really.  We really wanted to like the case, but I would not recommend this case to anyone, until they fix the issue.We did find a couple of really nice wallet cases for the iPhone 5/5s.  If you're interested, please leave a comment.Pros:1. Inexpensive.  Usually sold for between $13-15, the price is great.2. Leather material is well made and stitched.3. I can fit about 3-4 ID/cards in it and have it closed easily.4. Magnetic flap makes sure the contents are safe.5. Senyx was very good about sending out a replacement case when I complained about the plastic breakage (see Cons).Cons:1. The plastic part where it holds the iPhone is very fragile.  After couple of weeks parts of it began to crack even though there weren't any shocks applied to it.  After couple of months, all the corners were broken off and the phone now glides up and down the holder(the side plastic is fine - it's just the corners that breaks off easily).To the credit of Senyx, they were very nice about sending out a replacement unit, but what good does that do?  It just delays the inevitable for another couple of months.They really need to make the holder out of some type of rubbery plastic(TPU) to avoid such problems in the future."]