['Note 2 Extended Battery', 'Certainly not 7600mAh.', 'last long', 'Wow easily 2.5 days']
[4.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0]
['This product arrived faster than expected and had a 60% charge right out of the box. I charged it overnight ( 1st time took 4 plus hours ) and the first day of use it lasted 12 hours before I put in the battery that came with the device that gives me about 6.5 to 7 hours. I also had 20% left when I exchanged batteries.I am a heavy user and receive many calls using blue tooth and constantly play words with friends (Ken BIG Blake) as well as updating apps, searching for properties, reviewing you tube as well as using wifi maybe 3 hours out of the day.The next day I took my phone off the charger at 100% at 5:45 am and exchanged batteries at 7pm with 13% left. The back cover fits just right and the added bulk is equivalent to having an otterbox case. I love this extended battery life and this product would receive a 5 star if the case was more grippable  ( plastic that made me a little nervous as I had to be very careful holding it ).Overall everything was fine.....', "After running several battery tests, it has been determined that the battery is actually around a 5200mAh battery and not the 7600mAh as described.  IMO, it's not worth the cost and added bulk if it doesn't deliver the promised 7600mAh.", 'last 2 to 3 times the original battry ,i recomend it with the Hyperion Samsung Galaxy Note II Extended Battery HoneyComb Caseit will not fit in any other mobile case , i had to make a costume one befor i find the Hyperion Case', "I can get so much more life out of my phone with this battery! With normal usage, I could go a day of use and have maybe 40% left. With this battery, in one day of use I will have about 70-75% left. It does bulk up the phone to almost twice its size, but its not awkward or incredible bulky. Still fits in my pants/jean pockets too without much hassle. The NFC is a lil finicky, but its because your unable to get it close enough from the battery bump to make work all the time. I don't use it nearly as much as I thought I would so no biggy. Really wish the back came with a kickstand. You'll be almost 99% out of luck trying to find a case that will fit this."]