['The kickstand will Break', 'Worked for 1 week', 'Decent for the price', "The kick stand is pretty flimsy other than that it's a great case", 'Only half serves it purpose...', 'Great at 1st, Then CRAP!', 'Alright.', 'fantastic case for the note 2, week stand', 'TERRIBLE case', 'okay', 'Okay', 'cheap quality', 'Great case and, as others said, sucky kickstand.']
[1.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 1.0, 3.0, 3.0, 2.0, 4.0]
['Thsi item is not well madde, the kickstand will break under normal use conditions. The replacement I was sent lasted 3 days. If you need a kickstand this is not the case to buy.', 'price was great but got what i paid for, worked for 1 week and the clip does get hyperextended and eventually goes flat or disconnects from the gel case.  will have to invest in something more expensive now.', 'Cover fits snug and provides a good grip without additional bulk, cutouts are exact.  Kickstand works but looks like it will not hold up to frequent use. Only time will tell.  Overall satisfied with the product.', "This is my favorite case for the Note 2 It's the thinnest case with a flat kick stand that I have found.The kick stand is pretty flimsy other than that it's a great case", 'The color is great. In fact, it is very close to the color of the advertised image.  Although, the quality is not great, it is not too bad. It is silicone like material, but feels as though it will keep its shape and offer protection. The kick stand is thin, flimsy, and cheap. It broke after a day or two and did so simply from me just pulling it out.  Also, the kick stand was not strong enough to support the wait of my Samsung Note 2. My 3 star rating is based on the kick stand not functioning properly. Also, I felt that the kick stand should have been positioned in the middle in lieu of the bottom of the case.  Bottom line:  if you are looking for a case that will offer protection, then this is the case for you.  However, if you want it for kick stand use, perhaps a different case would be better.', "It's great it works on all surfaces and have no issues with it all, easy to use and nice style only issue is that the other guy did mention there could have more padding in the conors but heres the thing its a TPU case not a heavy duty case so dont complainUPDATE: 12/17/12;Kickstand has broken and is cheap, broke after two weeks of use. i have emailed them with no reply yet and i had already ordered a different one with hopes of better use its the Amzer Hybrid Case; AMZ95157", "The case itself is made quite well. The only thing I don't like is that the buttons are covered rather than cut out. I am, however, a little skeptical durability of the kick stand. Hopefully it holds up though. Other wise, like I said, the case is made well and the cut outs are perfect.Edit: kickstand broke already. Get the s line one with the kickstand.", "I wanted a slim case that would provide every day scratch and dent protection for the phone.  This case looked good but i was skeptical of the quality given the inexpensive price. When it arrived I put it on and i was worried that it might not be a tight enough fit( I had an exoskeleton type on my previous I phone 4 which locked on like a pit bull) but there has been no issue in the past couple of months with it moving around or coming off and I carry the phone in my back pocket so it's constantly getting squished around.  on the plus side, i run a spare battery so the ease of removing and putting it back on when switching out the battery is a definate plus for me as this would have been a nightmare nuisance with my previous exo case.The buttons work great, the access holes for the ports are all properly sized and the case is slim enough to fit into the EZO dock I purchased. No interference with aftermarket screen protector i bought either.Visually the case is very attractive, it looks very high end and of good quality, which it appears to be.  The built in stand is fantastic.  the stand is completely flush so you don't know it's there until you need it and in my opinion this feature is a must with a galaxy note.  I travel a lot and the pop out stand makes watching video, movies, utube, imdb trailers or tv super enjoyable. I really don't know what these other people are complaining about wrt the stand?? i mean, it's designed to hold the a couple of ounces of weight which it does!  what are they trying to do stand on it? maybe they just got a defective one?  At any rate, i use mine regularly for the past couple of months without any issues so far.The side grips you can see in the pic are excellent too. The GNOTE2 is a hand full so having good purchase is a must for confident one handed use.  Before it arrived I originally thought I would use this until more case options came out and then try something else but if something happens to this one I will just buy it again because it's the perfect combination of protection, lightness and features.Pros:looks great, fits well, slim, light, kickstand, inexpensive.Cons: could be a tighter fit,if you want bullet proof protection this not the case for you...get a clumsy ugly otter, Duh.Update:stand broke today :( was just deploying it and it snapped.  Sucks because everything else about the case is great.", "I learned that Tpu and Hard plastic don't mix...The kickstand broke within 2 weeks and left the back of my phone exposed... when the kickstand was attached it wasnt very good. Waste of money...You can get much better for cheaper", 'the ridges on the side keep catching my pants pocket. It is a little more bulky than I had thought.', "The case its a perfect fit for my galaxy note 2.  The reason I gave it a 2 star is due that the kitstand broke withing days after I bought it.  If you don't need the kitstand this is perfect.", "was searching for a while for a full case for my note 2 and came across this case without thinking i bought it when i got it was made out of cheap plastic when u put it on the phone it peels the screen protector off just not a good case don't recommend it", "I love, love LOVE the feel of this case. It's easy to grip, is very thin and fits nicely in to my car holder. The kickstand became useless after a few days, but the tan color with the shot of pink for the kickstand is so cute that I still use it all daily (my Seidio Active is collecting dust). I use the Samsung battery charger that has a slot to hold the phone in landscape or portrait, so the kickstand is a moot point."]