['buy theseeeeeeeeee', 'Husband think its to thick', 'I am very disappointed with my purchase', 'Never got product', 'Works', 'Good but very swishy sounding', 'Loved it', 'Definitely worth the money.', 'Great product', 'Ok I guess', 'Satsified']
[5.0, 3.0, 1.0, 1.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0]
['very cheap and look very nice on. I love the matte finish. you should buy these now please thanks bye', "BOUGHT  this screen protector for my husband's I pad mini.HE doesn't like it.He thinks it's to thick for his ipad mini.", 'I am very disappointed with my purchase. First, I received the product somewhat a month after. Second, they look like they have been used and as if the plastic protectors have been put again over the screen protector. I figured I should try and see if I could take away the bubbles and little dust specs in it, but they have so much that my ipad has a lot of bubbles, even though I tried to remove the dust.again...very disappointed. Future buyers beware.', 'I waited for one month, for nothing and no way I would not recommend this company.to any friend or family member.', 'Came in perfect time and fit great few bubbles but my fault highly recommended for ipad mini I makes it look more stylish', 'I want to give this a 5 star because it was really easy to get on and not have bubbles and dust specs, but it is so matte that it makes a swishy noise when using the pad.  It is on my teenagers ipad mini and she likes it because her finger moves so well and it never smudges.', 'It was so cool I loves how it felt I love evrything bout it lol I would definitely buy it again but took long', 'These came on time and they work just like the $40 ones that you would get from the apple store or Target. I would definitely recommend getting these so your iPad does not get scratched up.', "I really like how there isn't a glare", 'The screen protectors had a nice feel and supper hard to put on and they some without a camera button so the front camera look super blury', 'Needed a screen protector for my iPad but I hate when there is a glare. These anti glare protectors do just as they say they do.']