["the stand only works well in landscape. other cases also work in portrait.it double the weight of the phone. maybe even more than double... the phone feels 3 times thicker.it does protect the phone. so it is a good tradeoff if you are after protection. It fits very well on the phone. not like the cheap ones that have a huge hole for the camera so they don't have to use precision in manufacturing...It is extremely ugly. the bottom car-tire-like surface is awful and collect dirty and pocket lint. and the buttons are kinda hard to press (specially because, i don't know what sansumg &#34;enginners&#34; were smoking, but they put the volume keys exactly where you leverage your grip when pressing the power button)note, i got this free with a coupon. and they even included a discount code. nice marketing from the company.", 'Awesome case, sturdy kickstand, and perfect fit.  Although not the slimmest of cases, it is definitely as advertised. 5 star worthy. If considering, do not hesitate.', "Just received this and put it right on my Note 2. It is a very sturdy case - I felt much more secure holding the phone with the case than without. I am still hoping NOT to drop my phone but I think that it could stand a chance with this case on  if I were to drop it. It also completely changes the look of the phone. The Note 2 is a very fancy, &#34;grown up&#34; expensive looking device in gray. Put this on it and it becomes a rugged looking fun toy. It didn't add too much bulk to the phone but just enough that I can't slip it into a handmade wristlet I have that fits the phone without a cover. I like the color a lot and would definitely get another one of these cases in another color. It comes in 2 parts  - the green rubbery part and then the black piece snapped right on very securely. Very happy with this purchase.", "Love this case! Feels rugged and you can take off the black part with the kickstand if you want. I prefer it all together.  The only problem I had, and it wasn't an issue really, was that because of the way the case overlaps the glass surface, the screen protector (IQ Shield) crimped and lifted in certain areas around the edge. I had to trim the protector so it didn't lay under the case and reapply it, and everything is kosher now. The case has a night tight feel around the phone and will not slip off. Kickstand for case is a nice bonus and like the fact I can remove the harder plastic with the kickstand if I want to. I have no qualms about this case protecting my phone.", "I wanted this case in all Black, but accidentally ordered the blue.  If I had liked the case well enough, or if it was a lesser price, I would've kept it.  But it was too uncomfortable in my hand and buttons were slightly hard to push for me to justify the cost of a case that I didn't prefer in color.  It did seem sturdy and well made, properly fitting, and easy to install."]