['It is so much easier to just buy this complete assembly instead of screwing around with a hair dryer trying to unglue the broken glass from the flimsy plastic frame. Everything is included even the suction cup, spud gears,screw drivers & even some 3 M adhesive strips, which you will not need anyway since this comes with the glass, home button and ear piece already assembled. Just transfer your existing LCD panel to this new frame , pop it all back into your I phone and your done. SO DARN SIMPLE ! I am ordering another one to fix the other busted I phone.  Digital Family thru Amazon. Real fast service. No problems , no headaches.', 'This iPhone 3GS Screen Replacement kit came with the right screwdrivers (which I already had professional ones), but the midboard was there (the metal frame sticking the LCD to the digitizer). It was a perfect fit. Great product.', "Note: I made the repair today... if any problems show up in the future I will come back here and update my review.First, I have changed my 3GS battery by myself so I already had experience opening the phone. Also, I had my own tools so I did not notice if this item comes with all the necessary tools. Make sure you watch some YouTube videos before ordering so you can decide if you are up to doing this. It took me less than 45 minutes to make the repair.This unit is constructed so you don't need a hair dryer or heat gun. That is the reason why I bought it. It has the button, earphone, mic pre-installed to make the job easier. This does NOT include the LCD screen... so you still need to remove your LCD from the broken unit and install it in this one. That is pretty easy and requires removal of 6 screws.Notes/opinions:1) Before installing the LCD into this unit, you need to remove the plastic protector film from the inside (there are protective films on both sides of the glass). Be careful not to get fingerprints or dust on the inside glass after you remove this. If you forget to do this (as I almost did) you will have to take it apart again to fix your mistake!2) There is black protective tape covering the LCD screw holes on this unit. It's better to remove that tape before inserting the LCD.3) Removing the LCD from the broken assembly took some time because I was not sure where to pry. I think if you don't do it right you can break the LCD. Just keep checking YouTube until you find a video that shows the small notch you need to pry open with your screwdriver. After you find the notch, the rest is easy.4) Reinstalling Cable 3 is the only area where I have trouble. Again, check out several YouTube videos so you understand how the latch works. I think my problem is that I am expecting the cable end to go deeper into the socket than it really can. I spent about 5-10 minutes struggling with Cable 3 before I got it locked down.", 'I thought i would take on the task of replacing my mother in laws broken glass on her iPhone.  i purchased some additional tools, however all i needed were the tools that came with this kit.  i set up my ipad and a youtube video on how to replace the glass and it took me about 10 minutes.  i am fairly handy but it was my first glass replacement.  Worked like a charm!', "I would not attempt this repair if you are not someone who is familiar with mobile repair.  For the only reason that you might cause further damage to the iPhone unit you are trying to repair.  The digitizer will certainly work if you make the repair properly, but it is not an OEM apple part.  So you get what you pay for in this situation.  My biggest complaint is...  I noticed that the proximity sensor will only work half the time, sometimes I even hang up on a phone call with my face chick just because the proximity sensor didn't work.", 'For Iphone 3gs Screen Replacement Repair looks like the photo on Amazon and was an somewhat easy installation. It came with all the parts in the description.', 'Product worked perfectly. This replacement screen comes with the plastic &#34;hinges&#34; on the side, so that you can slide the LCD in. I know some screens are simply just the screen and they expect you to know how to attach the LCD on.This was a very good product, almost like the original. Would definitely buy it again.', 'It is unfortunate that what seems high quality materials would suffer from poor assembly process. As soon as I started lowering the screen into the frame, I could tell it was going to be too tight of a fit to seat properly. Then almost on cue, the glass screen unglued from the frame. I am having to return this product, with the protector plastics still on.', 'I have already bought 2 of these, I plan to buy more as I work on ipods.Great quality great price easy fix.I recommend this part and vendor, just when installing be gentle and only puch on the sides never the center.', 'This is the second item i buy: first the glass screen and then the LCD for iphone 3gs. Both item were perfect and my iphone is new, now. great products and service. delivery was fast.']