['hello', 'Perfect!', 'I can give one to all my family members', 'OK for the price.', 'Five Stars', 'Second time around', 'Great little stylus.', 'Nice set', 'great gadget', 'Not great']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0]
['I like them cause they are not so big n they are easy to hold on too.. love them thanks', "These fit nicely in all of our IPhones. It took a little bit to use them as they are short, but they're great. I like that you get 10 in different colors. They were shippes SUPER Fast! No complaints what so ever!", "All of my family uses touch screens and i gave each one of them one of these to help them during the day.  They love it and they say it keeps less fingerprints on the screen if you're oleo-phobic", "These are ok for the price but the tips fall apart after a while. The pluses are that they are small and colorful. Also, a nice feature is the attachment on the end that allows you to store it by plugging it into the headset jack on your tablet or smartphone so it doesn't get lost.", 'Nice batch of accessories that we can share with friends', 'This is my second batch of these things so obviously I like them. Great & cheap way to make friends. Amazing how many folks have never seen or heard of this must-have gadget.', 'I love this tiny stylus, that can be kept in the headset connector on most android phones , also blackberry and iPhone. I buy them by the dozen, as they are not expensive and I can even give them away, and my friends are so happy to discover that they can finally write with no mistakes.', 'Love the variety. I shared them with my friends, but kept my favorite colors. Great tool or those of us with big clumsy fingers. Now I can actually &#34;touch&#34; the letters, aps, etc. that I want too. Makes tech easier', "The mini stylus are fabulous for making the use of electronic keyboards more user friendly. I've used them with my android & ipad mini plus given them to friends for use with their electronics. The small size is great to attach to a phone which can then be slipped into a pocket or purse. The bright colors are fun & make finding the stylus easier if placed among other items. Can't go wrong with the price either, high quality for a fun, useful gadget. I rarely ever use my phone screen without the stylus; a definite &#34;must have&#34; item!", 'As much as I love this type of stylus after using for a while the tips come off.Needs improvement']