['NIce Variety', 'Love bumpers MORE than any other case...', 'Mediocre, but seemingly but the only option.', 'I love these cases', 'I like it....', 'Awsesome  Deal - Perfect fit for my iphone/s -', 'My daughter loves these']
[4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["A lot of color for a little bit of money. It's nice to be able to change colors from time to time. Nice design, stays firmly on phone.", "I just received these in the mail... several days ahead of expected date! So for that thanks guys! All of these bumpers are in perfect working order.  Nothing appears to be broken.  All buttons are functional. The cutouts at the bottom are all more than sufficient. The best part... all of these colors are totally &#34;iOS 7 feeling&#34; is their shades.  I'd totally order these again AND from this seller!", "Half of them have defective or extremely cheap volume buttons that are very difficult to push. The rubbery edges of the bumper collect dirt quickly. Don't get it from Dollar Deals Co unless you want it to take literally a month to reach you. I would be much happier buying just one color for triple the price if I knew it'd be worth more than garbage and I wouldn't have to throw out or give away all the ugly/broken choices.", 'I absolutely love these cases.  I have purchased many of these.  They are as good if not better than the oem iphone 4 bumpers.  The only reason i gave 4 stars is because the only reason i purchased was for the white case and the white case i received had black on the outsides of the bumper not an all white case.', "I received my bumpers in approx 2 weeks from the date I ordered them. I read the previous reviews and was a bit skeptical but ordered them anyway. I'm glad I did. I have been using the green one since I recieved the package and I have not had any problems with it. The buttons on the side have become loose but they haven't fallen out like some reviews have said....then I was told by a friend: &#34;you have 6 for 8 dollars....what do u expect it to be like. Definitely put things into perspective.Glad I got them.", "Works for the whole family since we all have iphone5's - Great deal and quality.If your family has multiple iphone5 - then you must have this!", "These are a simple rubber bumper protector with color.  They came as advertised and you can't go wrong with them due to the price."]