['This was my first choice for a case when I purchased my Nokia 920.  The first part Nokia case was just released about a month ago and I am now using it.  This still is a good case if you do not like for your whole phone to be covered.  Easy to put on and take off as compared to the Nokia Case which is very hard to put on and take off.', "A awesome case! It covers the phone just like I wanted it to! It's not bulky or adds much to the phone thickness .", 'This case looks nice, and doesn\'t add much to the size of the phone, but it also doesn\'t add much more than minimal scratch protection. It would offer about the same protection against drops as a piece of non-corrugated cardboard.  It would work for preventing scratches on the back, but as we know, the 920 doesn\'t really have the same problems in this area as, say, an iPhone.Perhaps more importantly, the case actually broke in 3 weeks of nothing but living in my pocket & on my desk. The thin piece between the screen & the volume control split in two right at the top. For most products, this wouldn\'t be a deal breaker, but for a "tough" item like a phone case, this gives me very little confidence in it.', 'When i bought my 920 on release day i was a bit worried i would be forced to spend 30 dollars on some brand name case.I scoured amazon that day and ordered two TPU cases,  They were OK for what they are, but I am not a TPU case kinda guy.  I prefer my slim shells.A week or so later i found this case and a &#34;slimmer&#34; one from worldshopping and ordered them  both immediately.  You can see my review for the other, it was not as nice as this but it was OK.  This case though is perfection if you are looking for a Slim shell case for your Nokia.  This fit is perfect, the finish is amazing.  I love how it adds grip in the hand, but does not snag on pockets and such. It was so good i ordered similar cases for all my friends phones and gadgets.  I am a quicksand believer!', 'Clearly A Knockoff! This is not a Quicksand Skin.This item does not even deserve a number rating.For those whom are happy with this item, Fine. For those low raters, good for you for speaking up. Why, because this is clearly NOT a Quicksand Skin! If you google, itm/251177691752  you will see the real quicksand skin. I owned the Nokia 900 and the skin fit like a glove. This barley grabs the sides. If you look in the picture you will see hardly any of the white phone on each side. However in real life, you see all of the white on the face side of the phone once you put the skin on&#8230; Meaning, it does not fit snug. The real Quicksand Skin cost about $7.99, this knockoff should be $2.99. Notice the real sand grit feel (look) at the link. This one has no sand grit feel to me!As for the delivery, it took 12 days to get it&#8230; Bad!I would not recommend this skin - I have no likes about this skin - I rate this skin a 0/10 because it is a knockoff!', "This case is thin. I had a Nilkin for my Lumia 900 which is very similar to this, but the first thing I noticed was how much lighter and thinner it was. I didn't think it could be thinner than the Nilkin. It has minimal protection but it should be enough to protect the corners and the back from minor scratches and dings.", 'only few dollors , i really feel satisfied on that price. only people who touch it will feel perfect. f', "I bought a red cover from another company and this black one here.  This black one has a pretty glitter color sprinkled on it.  I guess that's the &#34;Quicksand&#34;.  It looks awesome and offers good grip on the phone. Nice fit.  easy to install and remove.", 'Fits nicely and provides a more textured surface to grip than a glossy slipper back the lumia 920 has. looks stylish and nice.', 'This is the first case I have bought for my lumia 920 and its pretty cheaply made. Absolutely zero front screen protection if dropped. I would avoid this case', 'The one bad rating I see here was complaints about what is obvious in the pictures. This is a very thin and minimal case,  it will protect from scratches and minors drops. It snaps on and adds very little bulk.  The top and bottom are exposed (love that) but the corners are still have just a little protection. If you want a case that protects from normal wear and tear and is thin this is your case. If you want drop protection to the fullest check out a different on.  This one was perfect for me and was just as advertised.']