['Incredible Phone!', "Let's compare it with the iPhone", 'So glad I switched from Android', 'Microsoft finally did it right', 'Great Device', 'A Perfect Upgrade', 'Better than the Lumia 900, but still not perfect', 'My 3rd Generation of Windows Phone - Windows Phone 8 is the worst of the 3 - AT&T is always superb - Nokia camera and apps A+', 'Best Smartphone ... Well Trusted Mobile Manufacturer and Advanced OS', 'Great and arrived in perfect condition.', 'I was hesiatnt about WP at first, but no regrets', 'love my nokia lumia 920, it sets me free.', 'Great phone for the price...Camera, GPS and Microsoft office suite makes this phone a BUY', 'Best phone I ever had', 'Nokia 920', 'Nice hardware, Ok software', 'Simply The Best Phone', 'Best phone I have ever used.', 'Phone plagued with problems, bugs and glitches!', 'I am absolutely in Love with my Lumia and Windows Phone 8.', 'Better than Android, not as good as iPhone']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 2.0]
['Where to start? There are just so many good things about this phone and the Windows Phone 8 OS that it is tough to know where to start. I suppose I should start out by stating that I am somewhat of a Windows "fanboy" for lack of a better word. I am all in when it comes to Microsoft products owning the Xbox 360, Surface RT tablet, Windows 8 Pro laptop and of course Windows Phone. That being said I do try to rate products fairly but I wanted you the reader to know that there may be some bias in my review.I have owned several Windows Phones over the past few years. The Samsung Focus, Focus 2, HTC Titan, Lumia 900 and now the Lumia 920. I have thoroughly enjoyed each of the phones but the 920 certainly stands out as to what I feel is finally a true competitor to the Iphones and Samsungs of the world.This phone has some serious specs and can hold its own against its rivals when it comes to pure processing power. Everything is super smooth on this phone. Apps launch quickly, the internet is super speedy thanks to the LTE and the camera snaps pic after pic without a stutter. I finally feel that my phone isn\'t preventing me from doing anything that I want to do with it. I am very impressed with the power and speed of the 920.SCREEN: The screen is just gorgeous. It has a super high resolution which makes everything look soooo good. Text is easy to read and pictures just come to life (corny but true!) The screen also has a super sensitive mode where you can actually wear winter gloves and still control the phone as normal. It is pretty amazing the first time I tried this. You can also shut this off so you have complete control as to whether to use it or not.CAMERA: If you like to take pictures with your phone then this really is the phone for you. Nokia has done some amazing things with their camera technology here. The image stabilization for photos and videos is second to none. I have pretty shaky hands but all my pics and vids come out super smooth with this phone. The night time is where the camera tech really shines. Whether you are indoors or outdoors with poor to almost no light this camera still takes really bright and clear pics! It really is a must have feature if you like to take pics. The camera on this phone has replaced my need for a separate point and shoot camera. No joke. It is that good. If I were to critique the camera in any way it would be to say that the pics sometimes come out a little "soft" when taking pics during the day. Nokia has already stated that they plan a soon to be released update that allows for sharper pics so that negative could very well vanish in the near future.SOUND: I have never really been impressed with the sound quality of any phone I have ever had as far as playing music through the speakers without headphones. It is no different for me with the 920. The stereo speakers are ok but I wouldn\'t recommend listening to music without headphones. Once you do hook up your favorite pair of headphones the sound is much improved. Nokia uses Dolby Headphone technology and the sound the phone produces while using earbuds is impressive. The volume isn\'t the loudest but definitely loud enough to easily block out any outside noises. Also, no earbuds come with the phone.CALL QUALITY: So far I have no complaints with the call quality. When I ask people how I sound they say everything sounds good. I can also hear them easily and clearly through the earpiece. I am not a huge phone user on my phone (doh!) but so far I have had a very pleasant experience on calls.BATTERY LIFE: So far I am getting better than expected battery life. I thought with LTE I would be burning through a charge in 4 or 5 hours but so far I am easily making it through an entire work day with moderate use. I can take the phone off the charger at 5:30 AM and when I go to bed at around 10 or 11 at night I still have about 15-25 percent left. To me that is more than adequate. The battery does seem to get a bit warm when playing games or really pushing the LTE but I think that is pretty normal for these powerful phones.WIRELESS CHARGING: I purchased my 920 through an ATT store which was running a promotion for a free wireless charger. The 920 has that ability built right into the phone! It is pretty darn useful too. I keep the charging plate right on my nightstand and when I am done reading in bed I just place it on the pad and it starts to charge. No need to fumble with cords.BUILD QUALITY: This is one SOLID phone. I don\'t plan on dropping it but I would have to say that I would worry more about what I drop this on then the phone itself. This actually leads to what may be a downside for some people. The phone, compared to other phones, is a little heavier. I don\'t find it to be an issue and in fact like the strong feel of the phone but go to the store and check it out because some have noted that it bothered them.APPS: The Lumia 920 comes with Nokia Drive which is a really nice navigation app that easily compares to the paid version out there. I have used it a bunch of times and it has worked flawlessly every time. You also get a Microsoft Office suite which includes PowerPoint, Word, Excel and One Note. While I don\'t see myself creating complex spreadsheets on a phone it certainly is nice to be able to open and edit if I need to.OK, it looks like I rambled on way too long. I hope you found some useful info in my review. If you have any specific questions you want answers to just leave a comment and I will try to answer them all.', '_________________________________________A not-so-serious review first:Lumia 920 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> iPHone 532GB ---------------------------------------------32GB$99------------------------------------------------$299Master Maps-------------------------------------Mess-up MapsOffline GPS---------------------------------------iLostPublic transit guide for global traveler ------iLonely and secretly flirt with SiriPureView Camera-------------------------------PurpleView CameraClear lowlight photos---------------------------My party photos are drunker(fuzzier) than yoursAnti-scratch--------------------------------------Full-ScratchSurvives a fall-----------------------------------The poor pretty thing!Gets the job done-------------------------------What job?Good for normal people-----------------------Good for Apple worshipersNokia: "Sorry, we will update"-----------------Apple: "You\'re holding it wrong!"Clear view under direct sunlight--------------Is my phone on?4.5" viewing asset-------------------------------Squint retinallyWireless charger--------------------------------Where is my this-year\'s-special cable?Touchscreen wearing gloves-----------------Cut a hole on gloveA more serious review follows:Having used the phone for a while now, I\'d like to provide a more objective assessment. I give ratings below first, followed by detailed explanations.  The rating numbers are on a scale of 10.  A score of "10" means it is not only the best but also has no apparent need to improve, and a score less than "10" just means there is room to improve but does not necessarily mean another product is better. The numbers in the parentheses are for iPhone 5 as a reference.RATINGS-------------  Lumia 920 (vs. iPhone 5)Call Quality --------------------10 (8)  Uncompromising call quality from Nokia, a true phone companyInstant Messaging------------10 (10)  Big improvement over WP7; group messaging and MMSE-Mail-----------------------------9 (7) WP8 has the best enterprise-ready e-mail clientSkype and VoIP calls----------9 (7)  International VoIP calls a reality with on WP8Contact Management---------9 (6)  WP8\'s multi-contact aggregator and integrator the bestEntertainment-----------------10 (10)  Too much already, what more could you wantSocial Networking--------------9 (8)  Facebook integration is an edgeWeb browsing------------------9 (8)  IE10 is outstandingShopping------------------------7 (9)  Comes from Apple\'s apps edgeNavigation-----------------------8 (5)  Apple\'s first Maps is actually impressive, but see discussionsProductivity---------------------6 (3)  Not there yet, but at least WP8 can do some workScreen--------------------------10 (8) Lumia 920 has the best looking screen consumers have ever seenCamera--------------------------9 (7)  In its own leagueBuild quality-------------------10 (8) You might have trouble to say goodbye to Lumia 920 two years laterThermal performance---------8 (8)  CompetitiveBattery life----------------------5 (5)  All need improvement badly in this areaOS reliability--------------------9.9 (9.5)  WP8 never even freezes, much less crashesOS fluency----------------------9.5 (9)  Ice-skating with WP8, and floor dancing with iOS, I much prefer the formerOS flexibility/customization---8 (8)  Android is the kingOS refinement------------------7.5 (9.5)  Microsoft is still no Apple on refined detailsOS apps ecosystem-----------6 (9.5)  iOS rules for nowCurrent Fashion Index--------0 (11)To ease your reading, I\'ll put the conclusion first before the detailed sections.CONCLUSION:  Laying aside the nitpicking, I am in love with my Lumia. There are so many great phones today that it has become a problem to choose one. But the top WP8 phone is the choice by both my brain and my heart. If I were a bit geekier, I might have gone with Android; and if I didn\'t have to work I might have gone with iPhone. But this is my phone. It\'s for a practical man with a taste.  I hesitated when Lumia 800 came out, knowing that it would be incompatible with WP8. Now Lumia 920 is such an attractive package. I don\'t think I\'ll change my phone anytime soon, although I do hope that there would be some nice updates from both Microsoft and Nokia to make this phone even better.1. CALL QUALITYIt is a phone after all. The call quality of Lumia 920 is absolutely top-notch. The voice is so clear it puts my landline cordless phone to shame. Nokia knows how to make phones. They are the true phone company. The HAAC microphones (Rich Recording Mic) are not your ordinary microphones on cell phones. A different league. The speakerphone is pretty good too, quite loud and clear. In fact I once had a conference call using the speakerphone with several people on my side, and it worked out fine.2. E-MAILOverall, WP8 has the best mobile e-mail. Windows Phone has an inherent advantage in e-mail, especially work e-mails. Apple does not own a popular e-mail service, and can only support third-party e-mails. Android enjoys the excellent Gmail, but Gmail does not have a strong foothold in the workplace.WP8 has deep integration of Exchange, Office 365\'s Outlook e-mail, Hotmail and Live Mail on Windows Phone.  WP8 further has excellent integration with the popular Gmail and Yahoo Mail.  All this results in an e-mail client that is more capable and efficient than other platforms. To name a few, contact management, contact synchronization, message management, message synchronization, file management, attachment management, folder management, conversation thread management, and e-mail search, are significantly better on Windows Phone e-mail. The difference is far deeper than appearance.  If you handle e-mails with some degree of sophistication, you will appreciate the difference.I travel with both my iPad and Windows Phone. Unless I am using my computer, I usually reach out for the Windows Phone for e-mails instead of the iPad, despite the fact that the e-mails on iPad have so much better readability. This wasn\'t the case before when I used an iPhone. To just read a recent e-mail, the iPad is an obvious choice. But you don\'t just read a recent e-mail. Work e-mails have history and threads, and they need to be searchable, and fully synchronized with your computer, and that\'s where the Windows Phone shines.For example, if you just read or deleted an e-mail on you phone, you want the status to synchronize with the server and other devices, otherwise you end up paying attention to the same e-mail too many times or having to delete the same e-mail multiple times. For another example, if you need to search to find an older e-mail which is not stored on your phone (due to memory conservation, mobile devices do not download and keep a copy of every e-mail in the past), you want your mobile e-mail to give you an opportunity to search e-mails on the server. WP8 does these perfectly.I also like the fact that Windows Phone has a separate live tile with a customized icon for each e-mail account. I don\'t like the idea of mixing my work e-mail and personal e-mail in the same box, or even under the same icon. I need a clean definition of territories. Of course, if you intend to combine e-mails, you can do that as well on WP8. Flexibility.3. SKYPE AND NON-CELLULAR SERVICE DEPENDENT PHONE CALLSSkype, owned by Microsoft now, is an important function on WP. Microsoft also makes a Skype app for iOS, but the app is still not nearly as good as the integrated Skype on the Windows Phone.If you use Skype Pro and/or Skype Out, you can actually make phone calls anywhere in the world as long as you have Wi-Fi or cellular data connection. I\'m not talking about Skype-to-Skype calls. I\'m talking about calling real phone numbers. (This works only with Skype Pro; the free Skype account can only make online Skype calls). No cellular phone connection is required with Skype Pro on Windows Phone.Take an international trip you will understand what I\'m saying. Being able to call home and work at international airports *without* a SIM card for the local service is a major convenience. Even if you already have got a local SIM card, using Skype Pro on Windows Phone to make calls on the 3G/4G data service is still a great convenience because it costs only two cents a minute, less than 1/20 of the cost for international calls made on a regular cell phone.  It also works other way around. You can make international calls from the US using Skype Pro on your Windows Phone for two cents a minute.Cheap international calls anywhere on your cell phone (and enjoying the integrated phone contacts) - I hope this concept registers with you.4. CONTACT MANAGEMENTThe People Hub on the Windows Phone deserves a separate mentioning. This is by and large the best contact management on a cell phone (WebOS users might have an issue with the statement). It automatically integrates all the contacts from different sources (e-mails, Skype and Facebook) and provides the best accessibility and connectivity on a mobile device.This significantly betters iOS, which has a pretty address book and good editing capabilities, but very little beyond that. When it comes to multi-source contacts integration, accessibility and connectivity, the People Hub on WP is much superior to iOS\'s contact management.For example, iOS address book has links to internal phone numbers and e-mail addresses, but basically that\'s it. It does not have active links to external phone numbers (e.g.,contacts pulled from e-mail accounts), Skype contacts, and Facebook friends, etc.. In the People Hub, all these have active links, meaning that they provide a single click connection.In addition, People Hub pulls contacts from Skype, which iOS does not do at all.  If you use Skype, especially Skype Pro, you\'d suffer a disconnection on iOS.Both address books link contact addresses to maps, but the Apple maps is essentially dysfunctional in this respect. Apple hasn\'t really spent time to make sure this function actually works (they have been focused on making the thing look pretty). It doesn\'t work most of the time.  Unless you have entered the contact address in a particular manner, clicking the address will result in a "not found" on the maps. The People Hub works perfectly with maps.Under the hood,  this is actually a search algorithm issue, not a user interface issue. Like Google,  Microsoft knows search. It shows.5. PRODUCTIVITYWindows Phone 8 wins this important area hands down, not because it is so good, but because others are so bad. The major thing is the Office App and OneNote App, and their integration with the excellent and generous (but underrated) SkyDrive. This allows Windows Phone to do the most essential things for productivity. WP8 further integrates Office 365 and SkyDrive perfectly. If you or your company subscribe to Office 365 and use the cloud versions of the OneNote, Office, Outlook, TeamSite and SharePoint, the productivity is boosted to a whole new level. The iPhone and Android simply cannot provide that kind of productivity. Even if you don\'t use Office 365, getting the Windows Live and Skydrive would already be the best productive user experience because of the integration with the Web version of Office.I hear people say that they can use an Office-emulating app to do some work on the iPhone (or Android). But no. For serious work, it simply doesn\'t work. You open a document (Word or PowerPoint, for example), do a slight editing, thinking that you have saved a bit time working on your smart phone, but only to later discover (or be told by an upset colleague) that you changed the subtle aspects of the formatting and styling of the document. That doesn\'t work for me, nor for anyone I work with. Work environment cannot allow this. The fundamental difference is that the Office App on WP8 and Office Web version have complete compatibility with the traditional Office, while other apps don\'t. They are built on different foundations. Microsoft\'s mobile renditions of Office may lack many features of the full Office, but they are completely compatible with it, and that\'s extremely important. When it comes to work documents, compatibility is more important than feature set.Overall, if documents and e-mails are just different ways of casual "instant messaging" to you, the iPhone is fine. But if documents and e-mails are a work tool to you, Windows Phone is the way to go.6. NAVIGATIONFirst of all, for those who miss Bing Maps, your Windows Phone still has it. It\'s only two taps away: tap the Bing search button (hardware button on the right side at the bottom), and then tap the "Local Scout" button (on the left side of the three on the search page).In addition to Bing Maps, Nokia offers a set of navigation apps including Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive, Transit, and City Lens. They together offer excellent navigation, better than Bing Maps alone, and also better than what iOS has to offer.Apple\'s first map is actually impressive with good features and of course great looks. But as Google has said, doing maps is hard. It\'s years of exercise versus a morning makeup. Currently, Apple Maps does have a problem. The reports of Apple\'s terrible map performance are related to map data inaccuracy and map search algorithms. Those Apple fans who refute such reports by claiming that they haven\'t experienced any problems are missing the point. Unlike other software in which a test is usually universal, your map test results only have to do with the location you tried, and only proves that the map is OK in that one location. When there is a problem at another location, there is a problem. And Apple has a lot of such problems reported. The company acknowledges it. They\'re not fools.  I don\'t know how fast Apple can improve on that. Data and fundamental algorithms are far more than just doing some programming to add skins. They might need to shell out a billion dollars to buy up.Compared to the excellent Google Maps, Nokia\'s navigation solution is mixed. It\'s worse in some ways, but better in other ways. Google shines on map data, especially in the North America segment, no question about it. Google\'s superiority in search is also reflected in its maps. The app overall feels more mature and advanced, further boosted by is far greater user base (which they earned).But Nokia has several important things on its side. The segmented downloadable maps for off-line GPS is a unique and significant advantage for Nokia. The reliable integration with contact addresses (People Hub) is another. The multi-angle approach of Nokia\'s navigation app set suits user\'s particular need better. Nokia also has comparable map data (although arguably slightly inferior North America segment) and mature map algorithms.Nokia\'s navigation solution comes with several separate apps. In comparison, Google puts everything under Google Maps. I like Nokia\'s way of tasking.  The Nokia apps are meant to be connected (they need to work more on that). You start with one app, but may transit to another when you need it. If done right, Nokia\'s approach could directly put the user at the best leveraging angle depending on the actual situation, using a specific app with the most suited user interface to maximize the user experience. Some people complain about it either because of their unfamiliarity with this design or their dissatisfaction with the current execution. I hope Nokia doesn\'t change this good concept, but just keeps on perfecting the apps and improving the integration under this framework.An often overlooked but significant feature Nokia offers is downloadable maps segmented according to regions. Once downloaded to your phone\'s local storage, the maps are fully functional off-line even when you don\'t have any cellular network or WiFi access. That could be a matter of getting or not getting to the destination. If you don\'t think this is important, I don\'t know what is. Even when cellular network is present, the off-line GPS map means big savings on your data usage.With the downloaded maps, the navigation on Lumia 920 may replace standalone GPS units. It has vastly better user interface to start with.  Address search, which is probably the most frustrating thing on standalone GPS units, is far better on Nokia Drive. The overall user experience is superior despite its lack of a few features. But if you need a dedicated GPS unit constantly mounted in the car, that\'s a different story.If you happen to be at a place without a car (Americans, have you traveled to other places in the world? People don\'t always drive), try Nokia Transit, which provides detailed guide for public transportation of cities around the world.Nokia takes navigation seriously. They have had an excellent maps tradition and accumulated expertise with Symbian-based cell phones. Considering that they jumped on the WP ship only recently, I\'m confident that they will make this whole thing even better in a quite fast pace.7. THE SCREENBoth Lumia 920 and iPhone 5 have gorgeous screens, but the Lumia is still better. The viewability under direct sunlight is noticeably better on Lumia 920. Both are extremely clear for text and webpage rendering, but Lumia 920 works much better in the portrait mode because of its greater viewing dimension.And Lumia 920 has touchscreen capability when you wear gloves. This may come handy in very cold winter outdoors. But for me, the usefulness is more than during the winter. To protect my hands from suffering  painful skin and split fingernails, I often need to wear a glove on my right hand while I\'m doing air traveling. Lumia 920 is the only phone that I can use wearing a glove. It is not a gimmick at all.8. THE CAMERALumia 920 has the best cell phone camera on the market, leading by a significant margin, except for Nokia\'s own PureView 808 which is a different type of device.  I say this very objectively. Those who don\'t see the difference either didn\'t test it under right conditions, or simply can\'t tell the differences in photo quality. Lumia 920 is the only smartphone camera that can take decent concert (or party) photos and videos. Its lowlight performance is at least two ISO stops (that\'s 4 times) better than the iPhone 5.  This is primarily due to Nokia\'s unique pixel binning technology further combined with image stabilization. Neither Nokia nor Apple makes the camera sensors (Sony does), but the photo quality is not only about the sensor itself. Nokia has a tremendous technological and patent advantage in this area.By the way, stop comparing which camera has more megapixels. High MP is a trick used by camera makers to tax on consumer ignorance, and in most cases has very little correlation to picture quality. On cell phones in particular, there are several reasons why it\'s meaningless to pursue higher MP count. First, no tiny lens on a cell phone is capable of optically resolving pixel numbers beyond 5MP. I challenge you to find a scientific test to prove otherwise. Second, because of the very small sensor sizes, low light performance is a far bigger problem than the number of pixels. Third, you don\'t need more than 2MP on a cell phone. Generally, photos taken by smart phones are only used for screen viewing instead of making large prints. Even 2MP would be plenty. For web posting, a high-quality 1MP photo would look far better than a lousy 10MP photo.I\'m not saying that a smaller pixel number is a good thing in itself. On the contrary, I\'m just saying that for a given sensor technology, pixel density is the best sacrifice to make if the goal is to take better pictures with a cell phone camera sensor.  Most consumers don\'t realize that for any given sensor technology, an increase of pixel density comes at the expense of lowlight performance and dynamic range. (Many people intuitively reject this notion, reasoning that it does not make sense that lowlight performance and dynamic range would be affected by pixel density as you can always downsample. But to understand this, you must stop treating pixels as abstract geometrical concepts but actual engineered photosites with optically dead physical boundaries. That is a different topic though.)Every time when the sensor chip technology is improved, they usually have two options: (1) increase the lowlight performance and dynamic range by keeping the same pixel density, or (2) increase the pixel density (to get a greater MP count for a given sensor size) by holding back the real performance. Unfortunately they usually choose the latter because the MP count is a much more marketable gimmick.So instead of honest value, we now have the madness of smartphones reaching and going beyond 10MP with little meaningful result but unnecessarily bad lowlight performance, poor dynamic range, and a big waste of storage, data usage and processing time. Had they focused on real performances on 2-4MP sensors with a generous sensor size permissible on smartphones, we would have now had much more useful cameras on these gadgets.In this regard, Nokia is doing great in spite of (not because of) joining the megapixel race, again thanks to its pixel binning technology and image stabilization.9. BUILD QUALITYNokia 920 is a marvelous piece of engineering and manufacturing. Both Nokia 920 and iPhone 5 have a premium appearance, only very different flavors. But the Nokia is without question tougher. I say this not because Nokia is heavier. They use different materials. In choosing materials, these two companies have very different philosophies. Apple always goes after materials that enable extremely slim and light products, while Nokia has always been concerned of durability.If you are already conditioned to update your phone every year, you are an ideal Apple-kind person already. But still, hold your iPhone dearly and don\'t drop it. I have an iPad 3 that was accidentally dropped from a sofa sidetable to a hard floor head-down. I was completely shocked by the amount of damage it caused. I was expecting a dent on the edge or at worst a crack on the screen, but the whole thing was smashed like glass. That\'s when I discovered that the iPod 3 uses a glasslike material even for the frame, which looks great, but, just don\'t drop it.So you might actually need a case for your iPhone.  Lumia 920 does not need one. In fact, I can\'t imagine a case for Lumia 920 without ruining its gorgeous appearance.10. THE DESIGNThis is completely subjective. But I personally feel iPhone 5 is too youthful and delicate, and better in a hand of a teenager, while the Samsung Galaxy S3 too rounded and has no character. I love the overall masculine (but gentle and absolutely not rough) and squarely straight style of Lumia 920.  Go to YouTube to hear Marko Ahtisaari of Nokia articulating the design philosophy.11. THERMAL BEHAVIOR AND BATTERY LIFEThe Nokia 920 does not run hot, thankfully. This is one thing I was particularly worried after the bad experience with the Dell Venue Pro which had disgusting thermal performance and power management.Battery life is good, although not excellent, comparable to other top performers such as iPhone 5.  If there would be an improvement that could persuade me to change my phone again, it would be a new phone that could last at least a couple of busy days without recharging. I am not a heavy mobile user, but I\'m out on a trip quite often.  The battery life of my cell phone is among the biggest mental burdens while traveling. Unfortunately, it looks like battery life is not what these companies are focusing on at this time.12. APPSiPhone wins by a large margin in terms of app number. Although a vast majority of apps are junk on both systems, there are some great apps on both; iOS just has more due to its sheer larger base. So it seems that most people will need to sacrifice a few apps by choosing Windows Phone platform for now. I\'m missing quite a few useful apps on the Windows Phone, and make up the deficiency by using the iPad. Windows Phone also has some very good apps that are missing on iOS (in addition to Nokia apps and Microsoft apps), although not as critical.The most important app I miss on the Windows Phone is a decent PDF reader. Microsoft rushed out its own PDF reader, which works for basic reading but has some serious limitations. I hope Adobe or a third-party releases a better PDF reader on WP8 soon. This is a big pain point.However, none of these missing apps has the kind of importance comparable to that of navigation and productivity. To me, the choice is clear. I think it\'s misleading to do "bean counting" the small things of each system. You\'ve got to have priority. If you need one function that has a dominating priority, then one million less useful "apps" would no longer matter.Despite the relative minor changes in appearance from WP7 to WP8, Windows Phone 8 has got a much better foundation in the program architecture than WP7.  With the Windows NT kernel and 90% source code compatibility with Windows RT, the app future looks good.13. FLUENCY AND EFFICIENCY OF THE OPERATING SYSTEMWindows Phone 8 on Lumia 920 beats iOS on iPhone 5 in terms of fluency and efficiency. WP has a hardware "Back" button in addition to the Home button, while iPhone has just a Home button. This has a significant impact on the flow of operation.  I know this is rather subjective, but one thing that particularly bothers me on the iOS is that it requires you to always go back to the home button. You can\'t directly go back to another place you have just visited. You always have to go back home and start from there again. I remember Steve Jobs proudly making a big point out of it. Theoretically, going back home and then to the last app takes only two steps, but problem is that when you have multiple pages of apps, it causes a bit of hesitation to locate an app.Both iOS\'s "double-clicking Home" and WP\'s "long-pressing back button" give you a nice quick list of the opened apps to simplify the selection of apps, but still the additional "Back" button functionality WP is very much appreciated.Another thing that impacts the efficiency is the management of installed apps. The iOS manages installed apps in a simplistic way with much emphasis on the appearance not the functionality. Windows Phone has a much more sophisticated way. The installed apps are directly and separately searchable, and are also automatically organized under alphabetical categories that can be quickly accessed through a single page grid (which itself is accessible by a single swipe). If you have less than 20 installed apps, you will see no difference. If you have about 20-50, the difference would start to show. With 50-100, it becomes apparent, and beyond 100, the difference would be huge. The more apps you install, the greater the difference would be. So power users will find this an advantage on Windows Phone.When you come to think of it, the above may be the reasons why the iOS is so intuitive for beginners, but less efficient for more experienced users. On user interfaces, these two things often conflict. I can see why many like the flow design of iOS, but I prefer WP8\'s flow much better.14.  CUSTOMIZATIONIt almost sounds silly that one of the biggest improvements WP8 has over WP7 is adding some smaller sized tiles. Hardly innovative, but it makes a big difference, largely speaking against the old design. I don\'t like those big tiles. I simply don\'t think any app deserves that much attention, especially in such a uniquely precious small room. I customized my start page to have all tiles in quarter size except for the phone button. Thank you, Microsoft, for allowing such basic freedom. My start space is now much more efficiently used and no longer a victim of the almost tyrant "less is more" so-called clean design philosophy.The level of customization further down is mostly on par with the iOS.  Android would still have an edge over both, but I think this is got to a very reasonable level already.But I do have one big complaint against Windows Phone:  With WP8, you still can\'t turn off that stupid screen auto-rotation. You simply can\'t so far. No user settings has that. No app that does that. Even unlocked phone can\'t do that. Forgive me to call auto-rotation feature stupid. But it is one of those tech-things that make no sense on a mobile phone, precisely because a mobile phone is just so, mobile. The problem is that these device designers fail to understand that the proper (or desired) orientation of the screen simply cannot be determined by an orientation sensor. The sensor determines the orientation using gravity and the earth as the reference, not your body. As a result, the sensor can only detect the phone\'s orientation itself, not its relative orientation to the user\'s body posture, which is what actually matters.  So it works properly only when you are standing straight, not when you are inclined or lie down. In fact, it always turns to the wrong orientation when you are inclined or lie down, so you have to fight it.In practice, the non-switchable autorotation causes much more annoyance than any utility. It is OK if they just use it as a gimmick to attract feature counters, but it is not OK to have it permanently implemented and cannot be turned off. It\'s simply stupid.I think the best solution is iPad 3\'s combination of autorotation plus a hardware-based button for a mechanical lock. It combines the best of both worlds. The iPhone has autorotation plus user manual options in the settings and apps, which is not as good as the iPad, but still much better than Windows Phone\'s autorotation only, whenever and wherever.The reason why I make this auto-rotation issue such a big deal is just to make a point, not because the thing itself is so life-threatening. I can live with the annoyance. But the failure or overlook of such issues after all these years is very telling of Microsoft.15.  REFINEMENT OF THE OPERATING SYSTEMWhen it comes to very fine details, Apple wins. WP8 has improved over WP7, but still no match to the iOS in its refinement of details. Company wise, and culture wise, Microsoft has not fully learned this art yet. Let me name a few:(1) The input mode is still a mess despite an excellent keyboard. Although typing new text is easy, accurately placing the cursor to edit text is virtually impossible. Also, you can\'t quickly do a "select all" to copy and paste a text.  It requires a painful maneuver to do so, many times more difficult than doing the same on iOS which gives you a selection in an automatically pop-up menu. Oh please, they struggled with this copy and paste thing from the very beginning and received a disproportionately great amount of criticisms, so you would think that they would have jumped all over it to not only improve it, but in fact over-improve it. Not at all. It\'s still a half cooked solution.(2) The network status indicators on the top of the screen don\'t stay. They disappear transiently. You have to touch the screen in a particular manner to bring them back. You can\'t change that in the settings. This is useless frivolous design. The indicators don\'t occupy extra space at all when they are displayed, and their disappearance does not result in any benefit. It just makes the system fussy and less certain. My basic assertion is that cell phone\'s network status is a constant user concern, and being able to glance at these essential indicators any time gives you peace of mind, and is a good part of the harmonious "handset environment". Having to always struggle for such a simple thing is nonsense especially when the sacrifice is made for no purpose.I think what happened at Microsoft was like this: One day, someone from Microsoft management shouted in a meeting: "Less is more! Less is more! Look at Apple, we need to learn from them!" And shortly after that, a Microsoft engineer came up with this idea of hiding the network status indicators...Microsoft has done the hard part of building a very promising mobile OS, it shouldn\'t be so difficult for them to do these very basic and simple things right. It is obviously not an engineering issue. It is a product management issue.', 'I love everything about this phone. It\'s amazing. Most of all: IT\'S STABLE!I switched from Android after having 3 Android phones (DroidX, DroidX2 and Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and I couldn\'t be happier. Windows Phone is faster, has higher quality apps, and is far, far, far more stable and easy to use than any Android phone.There are some apps missing from the Store that I used on Android, but most already have 3rd party replacements or are scheduled to be released in 2012 (Like Spotify, Instagram, and Pandora for example). Instead, I have apps like Xbox Music, which I\'ve found to be a fantastic replacement for Spotify. The app is cleaner, has a huge music library, and syncs instantly with my Windows 8 PC.I\'ve found that Nokia Maps is REALLY great now that the Nokia Lumia 920 has received an update since it\'s release. Having free GPS on my phone was a requirement to switch and Nokia nailed it. I don\'t even miss Google Maps anymore.I still have common apps like Evernote, Glympse, Skype, and of course Angry Birds. I even have a third party Google Mapps app to find my Android friends on Latitude. So even popular Google services are available in some fashion. But between the apps and the Xbox games, the AWESOME battery life with LTE (I NEVER had that on Android!!!), Wireless Charging, and incredible camera: There is nothing about this phone not to enjoy.I can only point out that it\'s heavier than other smartphones as a negative. But when you\'re talking weight in Grams, "heavy" is negligible.Nokia adds incredible value to the Windows Phone platform and is surely the #1 choice for Windows Phone 8.', 'Windows 8 is really slick.  I know many people hate it, and I was one who delayed converting because of the reviews and bad experiences I read about.  I finally built a PC and bought a touchscreen for it, so I installed win8...and we love it.  I even upgraded two more PCs and use touchpads and regular mice with those, and it\'s amazing.  If you\'re scared off by the reviews, give it a try and some time to get acclimated...you won\'t regret it.I mention that because once you familiarize yourself with Win8, a Windows phone is a no-brainer.  I\'ve used iOS and Android...of those two, I prefer Android.  But Windows8 is now my favorite.  The live tiles are cool, being able to customize your home screen, re-size tiles...all very slick.The camera on this phone is great.  Low-light pictures are really good.  No comparison to other smartphones.  In regular lighting, I think it\'s comparable to others, but not outstanding.  Haven\'t shot video yet, but I understand that is another area it can excel in.The size and weight were a big concern BEFORE I got the phone.  I had read the reviews and people, even those who liked the phone said the heft was a significant drawback.  I had used a GS3 previously, so I was concerned that I was going to a phone with a smaller screen but significantly more "weight".  I can tell you now that it\'s way overblown.  The size and weight are not significant at all.  It\'s definitely heavier but it doesn\'t feel disproportionately so.  It has a really good feel in your hand and the weight seems to contribute (positively) to that.It\'s very intuitive to operate and since it\'s Windows-based, you just plug it in to your PC and it opens like any other drive or device in explorer.  Drag and drop files between folders...very simple.The wireless charging is probably the coolest part of this phone.  You just set it on the plate and it charges.  I got a free wireless charger with the phone, so it\'s not even any extra cost right now.  Now that I\'ve had this, I wonder why every phone doesn\'t make this standard!  So easy and cool.  I bought an extra charger to take to work!The one negative you may find, especially if you are a big app user, is that there is not the volume of apps available yet for windows.  I don\'t use a ton of them, and I was able to find either the same app or a comparable/better alternative for everything except for one.  I\'m not typical, probably, so consider that before you jump in.  However, things like the Nokia Music app are free and you can download music for free to play on the device...you can set up your own mix or go with theirs, and then download to listen offline.  Update the list occasionally and you\'ll get a new mix.  And it\'s all free.All in all, I thought the GS3 was the best phone I had used when I got it last year.  It\'s still a great phone, but now having used the Windows based phone, I think Microsoft finally got this right.  The seamless integration between phone and PC is finally evident and I can\'t believe it was MSFT that did it...I am really impressed with this phone.UPDATE: Battery life is excellent (for a smartphone).  I can get through a day at work, with normal usage (mostly texting, checking email,listening to music on the commute) using only half the battery.  It seems like it really conserves battery when the screen is inactive during the night.  Much better than my Samsung android phones.  I used less than 5% of the battery overnight on the Lumia vs. 17%-20% minimum on the GS3 and Note.  Another thing that is nice is that on my GS3 I ran Avast mobile security but on the Win8 platform programs are all sandboxed so processes can\'t\' hijack and run when another process is running, thus better security and no need to run additional software on the phone for security.  That\'s very nice to know as well, especially given the popularity of MSFT hacks and attacks.', "The 920 is the pinacle of smartphones today. Speed, elegance, great design and awesome OS, all for a good price. I never really considered a Windows phone, but know I wanted to get away from my iPhone. I also wanted to get away from AT&T;, but unfortunately, they are the only carrier for this phone. After many calls, a store visit and failed attempts on the website, I finally got my order in and received my phones the next day.It seemed like every professional review of this phone commented on it's size and weight being to much. I think it's just fine and feels very solid in your hand. Microsoft has really produced a great experience with their OS. It's easy, intuitive and has features no other OS has. I particularly like the integration of my work email and Outlook. I hope more people give the new Windows a chance.Some high points are,Exceptional screenOutstanding call qualityGreat speedBeautiful designGreat camera, videos are super smooth and stableWireless chargingCharges and plays on my car stereo's USB portLow points,Have to use AT", 'Last year I bought a Black Lumia 900 from AT&T.; Not upgrade eligible yet, but instead got a unlocked 920 as a winning.The phone\'s review will have to incorporate bits from the OS too, so let\'s be done with that first. Live Tile remains one of the best interface innovation on any platform, the addition of a smaller size of tile makes thing only better. Ability to change tile size of any app depending on user\'s priority is simply brilliant. Nokia Windows Phones come with access to Nokia\'s full suite of mapping apps, although they are now available to others also, Nokia stays on top of the game by providing other exclusive apps like Nokia Music, Cinematograph, Storage Manager etc. Offline mapping data is a godsend. Added capability of apps\' to integrate to lock screen to quickly provide you with info you care about the most is also awesome. The added accessibility tools like changeable font size, UI zoom, high contrast mode(looks freaking gorgeous) makes the OS the best choice for people who needs any of them. The usual goodies are of course still there.Onto the device itself. The screen size is 4.5", which in my opinion is the perfect size, not too small, not too big. The high PPI screen is a joy to use. It retains 900\'s slightly squarer 15:9 aspect ratio, and the increased PPI makes it one of the best display in the market. The curved display\'s edge meets the rest of the body flawlessly, making the phone a joy to hold. The poly-carbonate\'s texture is simply luxurious. The material also means that color won\'t come off even if scratched. Nokia has used a new kind of coating on the logo, and the three capacitive keys that makes it really easy to see them even when the back-light is off. Slightly raised position of the keys is also a very welcome change, makes it very hard to accidentally hit them now. The camera is hands off the best phone-camera out there, nothing more to say there. Although the from camera is less than stellar. A few issues that still remain is that I want the headphone port at bottom and the micro-USB port on top of the device, it has it in opposite order, although to be fair every OEM is guilty of this offense, except only Apple is now putting headphone port at bottom. At least we get a camera button with windows phones. The phone is indeed a little heavy. 900 is my opinion had the perfect weight. While 920 has better ergonomics, I find it a little heavier than I would have like. But given the built quality, OIS camera, display quality, 32GB storage etc. being a little heavy is easy to forget.All in all, this is a WOW level of device.', "I pre-ordered my cyan 920 so I've had it since launch. Like my Lumia 900, I'm not going to review the Windows Phone OS as much as I am going to focus on the hardware. In some cases, I am going to compare the 920 and 900.The good:- the display is smudge/fingerprint resistant;- the display resolution is a big improvement over the Lumia 900 (I believe it's slightly higher in pixel density over the iPhone 5);- the buttons and camera bezel/trim are scratch resistant;- the battery life is a significant improvement over the Lumia 900, but there is a caveat (see below);- the camera is a big improvement over the Lumia 900;- the wireless charging;The bad:- on a couple of occasions, the battery has mysteriously and rapidly drained itself. I don't know if this is a Windows Phone 8 bug or a Nokia firmware bug;- dust collects under the front facing camera;- the proximity sensor sometimes does not work (due to dust leaking in) so the screen stays dark during toast notifications or when trying to hang up a call. One fix is to blow air at the top of the phone where the front facing camera is;- there is a very, very, very tiny gap where the top of the display meets the chassis. I thought this was normal until I checked out my co-worker's red 920. His red 920 does not have this gap, however, the top of the chassis on his phone flexes and creaks when pressure is applied.Overall, I think the 920 is a good improvement over the 900. I'm a bit disappointed that flaws such as the dust getting behind the screen glass and the chassis creaks made it past testing and into production. Software issues can easily be fixed by software updates, but how do you fix hardware design flaws? Given that, I'm not sure I would recommend the 920.UPDATE - 2012-12-24I got tired of blowing compressed air daily to clear the proximity and front-facing camera and I contacted AT&T; to warranty it. Unfortunately, cyan is backordered.UPDATE - 2013-01-13I received my replacement 920 on Mon-Jan-7. While AT&T;'s warranty dept was nothing but accommodating, my original order was mysteriously cancelled. Luckily, I checked my order status daily; unfortunately, AT&T; didn't have a reason why my original order was cancelled.Anyway, I've had a week with the replacement 920 and so far, so good with the dust issue (there is no gap between the seal of the display and chassis). The biggest inconvenience was app and setting migration to the new unit. Windows Phone 8 has greatly improved the process over Windows Phone 7 -- it re-downloads all of your apps and it migrates most of the phone settings, but a lot of app settings and a few phone settings (i.e. tiles on homescreen) aren't migrated.The honeymoon is back and I've updated my rating.", 'UPDATE: I sure wish I had known this before giving up on Windows Phone 8...To soft reset the phone (just a restart without erasing any of the information on the phone): Press the Volume Down + Power keys at the same time for about 10 seconds.To hard reset the phone (deleting all the content and resetting the phone to like new status): Press the Volume Down + Power + Camera keys at the same time for at least 10 seconds.If the phone becomes stuck on the screen with two gears turning, follow the following instructions to successfully start the phone to the welcome screen:Normally, it takes only 30 minutes at most to hard reset it. In the event that it would take longer you can press and hold both on the volume down button and power key for about 10 seconds then the phone should reboot.Make sure that you try this while the phone is charged.If the phone would still be stuck to spinning gears, here is a hardware reset that you need to press:Input these keys on the following sequence, press them one key at a time BOTH during the Nokia logo screen and the AT&T; logoscreen:Volume upVolume downPower keyVolume downThe gears will continue to spin for about 5 minutes, but then the phone should restart back to the "Welcome to your phone"screen. Success!______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Original Review:First, let me say that I am a huge Microsoft fanboy and I generally love their software and devices, even if there is a small glitch or deficiency. I have owned three different generations of Windows Phones over the course of nearly 2.5 years. I bought my first generation Windows Phone 7, the Samsung Focus, the week they came out. I never had any problems; it was rock solid, both hardware and software. My second Windows Phone 7.5, the HTC Titan, the week it came out. Again, I never experienced any problems; the hardware and software were without bugs, glitches, or defects.Needless to say, I was stoked to buy the Nokia 920. I followed all of the press events and unofficial leaks for months before its release. I bought three 920s the first day they were available (one for me, my Mom, and my Dad). Before I explain all of the problems, let me share some of the positives. The camera is superb. The screen is beautiful. The stereo speakers on the bottom are loud, clear, and the best I have ever heard on any cell phone. The call quality is superb on both speakerphone and earpiece. Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens and Nokia Drive are really unbelievable. Nokia Maps leave a bit to be desired, but they are better than iOS5. I truly wish these phones weren\'t ALL DEFECTIVE as I would really prefer to have kept it for the next year or two. As I describe in the following, the problems continue to mount on all four folks I know with the Nokia 920.The first week I had to exchange mine at the ATT store because it would not charge; although, later, I learned that the Nokia 920 is very finicky about getting a high amperage charge when its battery is very low. So, the first phone was not defective, and ATT store reps did not know to instruct me to use the OEM Nokia charger or a high amperage charger when the battery was very low. I also later found out that I could use a Belkin 2.1A car charger when the battery was very low; therefore, it was apparent the OEM charger is not necessary, but a high amperage charger is. That was the first return.In the second week, my Mom\'s phone began glitching when receiving text messages. Her phone would freeze and lock up with the text notification bar at the top of the screen. The fix was a soft reset, by holding the volume down + power button for a few seconds. But this happened several times and was not acceptable for a new phone. So we took hers back to the ATT store and exchanged it for another. This made phone #4 for us.Within a couple weeks I contacted Nokia Care to inform them that our phones were not outputting a sufficient volume and were not driving our external speakers around the house that we were familiar using with our other phones. We all purchased in-line headphone amplifiers to use so that we could get sufficient output. Luckily, an update released in December fixed this volume issue and we no longer needed our $30 worth of headphone amplifiers.About 25 days after purchasing, my second phone began having problems playing video podcasts. It was stuttering during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they suggested I hard reset the phone, which deletes everything and returns the phone to like new status. When I reset the phone through the option under settings, reset your phone, it became stuck on the Nokia logo splash screen. I called ATT to get help and they said to soft reset the phone. It then rebooted and became stuck on two gears turning (boot splash screen). I called ATT back and they advised that the phone was "defective" and I needed to return it for warranty replacement. I had to pay $15 to get overnight shipping for the replacement. This was now my 3rd phone and #6 for the three of us in the family.Now just day before yesterday, I began experiencing the video playback stuttering with video podcasts. I tried deleting and unsubscribing the podcasts, then re-subscribing and re-downloading them. Unfortunately, the phone still stuttered during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they advised me to soft reset the phone. It still stuttered. They then asked me to hard reset it; unfortunately, this would be the fourth time I had to set this phone back up from scratch. Although Windows Phone 8 does have backup and restore functionality, it is limited and does not restore the application data, login information for applications, podcast subscriptions, or the layout and setup of the live tile start screen. On reboot from the hard reset, the phone stuck on the gears turning splash screen (just like the last phone) and stayed there for nearly 15 minutes. I was still on the line with Nokia Care. They advised I do a soft reset. Again, it stuck on the gears turning screen for another 10 minutes. They then advised me to send my phone in for troubleshooting and warranty repair. They said that it could take up to 10 days for me to get a phone back in return. This was inexcusable considering the problems I had already experienced. I spent around an hour with Nokia Care with no resolution.I then called ATT again and was fortunate enough to get Jill who put me on hold as she contacted a supervisor. Upon my insistence she offered me the option to get an HTC 8X which I refused. She asked what I wanted and I said an Android phone. Today I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 out for delivery and I really hope to have a positive experience with it as it is my first Android phone.While on the phone I pointed out that my Mom\'s second phone is getting stuck on the notification bar, requiring a soft reset. It is also sending and receiving blank texts instead of the text that was part of the message. Her friends and family have experienced this with her phone many times (luckily not me or my Dad). The ATT rep suggested we exchange her phone again through free warranty (this will be her third 920). If Mom has more problems, hopefully ATT will give us exceptional support and allow her to exchange for a different OS and manufacturer.As a side note, I talked one of my friends into upgrading from her two year old Samsung Focus Windows Phone to a new 920 in November too. Hers froze on the Nokia splash logo on the highway on her way to a week out of town. She had to deal with a warranty replacement on vacation. Her second phone has gotten stuck on the Nokia screen once since the replacement. It stayed stuck on the Nokia logo until the internal battery ran out. Luckily the next morning, when she plugged it in to charge it, it restarted normally. She still continues to have problems with it occasionally freezing and restarting on its own. She is not happy with it and says she wishes she had kept her two year old Samsung Focus. She does concede that she loves the 920; if only it worked all the time.With all of these problems, the 10+ hours I have spent without a working phone, with Nokia Care, ATT service, warranty service, and researching issues on the web, I have become disgusted with Windows Phone 8. This is very sad considering I have always been Windows Phone\'s biggest fan and traveled through all three generations of the software and hardware.ADD 1/28/13: I reset Mom\'s phone before sending it back to the AT&T; warranty department. It became stuck on the gears rotating splash screen and stayed there for over two hours. I soft reset it twice, letting it \'spin its wheels for over an hour each. It never left the gear rotating screen. It never restarted back to the OS. So, this makes the third Nokia 920 that has bricked on that screen (four if you count my best friend Barbara\'s phone I talked her into buying). :(', "Dang ...!!This is the real Smartphone.A Well trusted company from mobile ages, classy, elegent design, great build quality, awesome battery life, Smooth Os, Tons of NECESSARY Apps.I was up for an upgrade and was deciding in Lumia 920 or Galaxy SIII.Since i am android fan i was up for Galaxy sIII until i looked at this phone in the stores and the hype it carried before prerelease on youtube.After watching review videos on youtube where in every video lumia 920 outsmarted galaxy SIII ( this is also a great phone :) ) i thought to give it a try. ( Also i was getting bored of Android and wanted a change .. No Not iphone for me ... thats the most dumbest phone i belive)Reasons :WP8 : Stable OS.Can't be compared with Android (Android is in the skies right now ... and W98 is climbing up) yes but the features it carries are awesome and well worth.WP8 is a win..!! Buttery Smooth OS No lag whatsoever unlike Android who made it now when they reached JB.The Ease of the OS is awesome anything you want just pin it and done.One of the best OS out there simply better in this segment than Android and IOS.Microsoft really wants to play it hard to compete GOOGLE and APPLE.Updates are preidic.App Store is less comptetive as compared to Google & Apple Apps Store but all the necessary apps are there.Its increasing dialy .. lot of apps are counted in as such.If you are nto App Frenzy and all the required apps you need, you can get it on Windows App Mkt.BATTERY LIFE:Android phones are awesome however the battery life sucks on those.I had 2 Android Phones i am well aware of it.But there are also reasons for that .. OS is much powerful and thus requires a lot of battery.NOKIA has always been a king in Battery Life.This is my 4th NOKIA phone. ( 3310, N72, N73 and now LUMIA 920 )I am getting 27hrs of battery life. ( Not Kidding ... M serious) with full use (4g lte, listening music while commuting, facebooking, transit maps and all)I just charge this phone during nights while sleeping thats it.I know few people are suffering from Battery Problem but dont blam the company the phones you may have got are unfortunately are defective.I think 17hrs+ battery life you can easily get on the lumia 920.Just let your phone drain 2-3 times intially and then go to go.NOKIA APPS :The best bundle one can get with WP8 Apps.This is a win.Lots of well trusted, awesome Nokia Apps which are your daily needs is a complete win.MUSIC : This Phones puts other music players and phones to shame.Insanely Awesome.MAPS : Offline navigation Oh boy... What else one needs.Touch Sensitivity is great so is the UI.Also if you are the fan of GOOGLE MAPS .. dont worry You have app Named GMaps which solves your purpose.Please APPLE MAPS cant be compared with these.They Suck.CITY LENS: This is a most innovative app in the mobile industry and is the best.Accurate Judgment.By far the best.CAMERA :Best Camera No Words... Watch Youtube for detailed reviews on this.Low Light Pics.. Now thats a innovation.1080P Video is just awesome.Nokia has always won in the Camera Segment i had a Nokia N73 with 3.2 mp carl zeis optics.That phone was the king... and had the best camera those days.Apps in Camera :All are good and awesome.If need all the advance settings go with Proshot App its a great App.MEMORY : 32 Gb Internal.Well that was never a concern for me. I personally feel 32gb is more than sufficient for us in our smartphones... unless people really want to put blu ray movies in their phones.I had Samsung Galaxy SII 16gb internal + 16gb External and i never crossed 25gb.So i am okay with it.DISPLAY :The display is gorgeous and PureMotion HD+ display (WXGA (1280  768) is just great.I know as per the CES 2013 all cell phones are coming with 1080p HD Display but still this Display is insanely awesome and does the work it needs to.Galaxy SIII's Display is not as good as Lumia 920s ... Agh.. Iphone .. damn i hardly care about it.I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to try to go with new OS and a Awesome Trusted Smartphone.", 'Ok so if you are reading this you have decided on a windows phone.  So I will not go into that kettle of fish.The two phones I ordered direct from Amazon as the seller came quickly and in perfect condition.  I hate being on contracts so I wanted to be able to change carriers at will.The phones were easy to setup.  Before going over to ATT to get the micro sim cards I charged them up and joined them to my wifi network.  Software updates from Microsoft and Nokia were installed just fine.  I did it this way so I could be in and out of the ATT store quick.....and it worked.We are both very pleased with 920.  Screen resolution is wonderful and sound quality is superb.', "Like many out there considering making a switch, I was hesitant about WP. I had an android phone and carried an iPad. I was happy with both platform and Windows seemed risky. Still, the clean design was appealing to me and I had been a fan of Windows Mobile in the past - going back to the original Palm-sized PC. I first made the switch with a Lumia 900 and the 920 improves on the experience.If your favorite thing about your phone is Instagram and Pandora, this is probably not for you. In my opinion, WP is the best mobile plaform out right now, but until it sells better, it will not be at the top of the list for developer attention. If you MUST have specific apps, check the app store and see if they are available. Be aware, there are lots of great alternative apps when very popular apps are missing that are also worth a look. But if all your friends are on instagram, that probably doesnt matter to you.The Lumia 920 has the best camera you will find on a cell phone right now. It works great in low light and video is smooth thanks to PureView. You have the ability to focus at very close range (macro) as well. The only thing I would wish for is more zoom, but lets not get greedy.Where this phone and WP in general shines is in the core functions. Email, web browsing, camera, navigation, messaging, are all top notch. Its even top of the class when it comes to making phone calls. The People Hub, as other's have mentioned is like nothing any other platform has to offer. From the people hub you can do things a normal contact app can do, plus see a feed of content from your facebook, twitter, linked-in and other networks. Like and comment facebook posts and retweet something all from a single unified feed. Select a contact and see a history of all your interaction with that person and all their recent social medai posts.Windows Phone puts more information at your fingertips. Nokia matches the platform to cutting edge, well-built, beautiful and durable hardware.", "I've had Nokia Lumia 920 black for 9 days now, pre-ordered at att website on 11/7, l love it since day one.I've used it intensively day and night. Every piece of apps work excellently.Both hardware and software are implemented flawlessly. Top quality.Setup three yahoo email accounts,one Gmail,one hotmail,one Comcast email.New email messages are pushed to my home screen automatically with numbers.Tiles can be enlarged to show latest message, since I have too many email accounts,I use the smallest title on home screen.Nokia drive + is the fastest GPS navigation, it locks the satellites signals within 3 seconds.Only complaint is it won't announce the side of street at destination when I followed it to a at&t; store in west Dundee,Il.TomTom has the same issue but Garmin and iGuidance donot. Hope Nokia knows the issue and a fix is on the way.I downloaded maps for whole USA,Canada,China mainland and Hong Kong. It used up about 5 GB, it still leaves me 22 GBfor other purposes.I shoots a beautiful lake view HD video with gooses flying over and landing in the lake of Elgin,IL. Floating lens completely removed my hand shaking.Battery lasts me whole on intensive usage. I beleive for regular use, it can last 2 days for one full charge after twice cycling.I am writing the review from my Nokia Lumia 920 from ie10 web browser in mobile mode. oops, it auto sent out. let me continue from my laptop.I installed shopping apps like amazon, amazon kindle, ebay, cragslist,homedepot, gasbuddy. unfortunately there is no amazon wireless app. I used the ebay app and ordered a nokia battery for my wife, the experience is so fantastic, there is no need to bother my laptop at home via wifi or on the road on my 3GB data pro plan. it is kind of freedom. yes, I am liberated from my laptop by nokia lumia 920. I have more time with my family now.I installed banking apps like chase, bank of america, but citi is not there. Heard my complaint, citi ? I'll move my account to chase if you don't create a app for windows phone 8. actually chase app can also do the check deposit, I've already set it up and will deposit all my check payments to chase.I installed realtor and zillow apps for shopping houses. redfin is not available at the time of writing.oh, i forgot to mention yahoo email has an issue, it can not send out email for free email account except the one that is bound to sbcglobal.net (at&t; dsl account) even I set up exact smtp settings as sbcglobal.net. so obviously it is yahoo which intentionally disables free email account to send email via smtp server.Recently I went to shop a SFH, I used the PureView camera to take pictures of outside and inside of the single family house. it turned out excellent pics. no need to carry my huge Canon digial DSLR any more.finaly, I want to thank nokia, microsoft, att and mobile app developers to set me free from my garmin gps, lenovo laptop, canon DSLR camera, etc, let me have more time to stay with my family.", "This is a great phone for your buck as compare to high end smartphone from apple, Samsung and blackberry, I will be buying a new smartphone and the release of this confuse me a little bit cause I decided to buy the Samsung galaxy s4, I did tried and tested this a week ago, the availability of Microsoft office suit, the GPS which I believe is pretty good comparable to my Magellan and garmin GPS. For GPS functionality alone you can save between 150 to 200 dollars by buying this phone, how about the availability of office suit wherein you can edit you document anyplace without going to your computer table or notebooks that is another 100 dollars savings, The camera feature is pretty good also. If this phone will cost you 450 dollars you deduct the saving from gps say 150 dollars plus say 50 dollars for the Microsoft office suit that is 200 dollars meaning you are only paying 250 dollars for LUMIA 920. I have magellan App's on my old iphone 3gs and it cost me $60.00, for nokia lumia the GPS is included for FREE, What is great about the NOKIA built in GPS is it is worldwide, my friend was able to use the nokia LUMIA GPS in ASIA. NOW I AM CONFUSE WILL DECIDE SOON WHETHER I WILL GET THIS ONE OR THE SAMSUNG GALAXY S4. I am a heavy user of Microsoft office suit and GPS for my daily routine. Since I have IPAD, IPHONE 3GS, I think I can have this phone so that I can access my word document anytime and in any places. I ever I decide to buy this phone I will use this together with my ipad and will maintain my old iphone for my other apps. The windows app's are not good enough and very few populars apps are available.", "I'm so happy of this Phone. Camera is amazing, UI is super smooth and I love the wireless charging, I have charging pads on office desk and night stand. I never have to worry about charging anymore. Display is super bright, sharp, responsive and big! Also plenty of apps available. Nothing bad to say about this phone!", 'I did not buy from Amazon.  Purchased from AT&T corporate store about 5 days ago.  I have not used a Windows phone since the PocketPC days and switched from an Iphone 5.  Did not have a whole lot to transfer over except for contacts from Google which occurred flawlessly.  I was able to hook up Bluetooth to my Acura without a problem.  Calls are clear and plenty loud.  The screen is exceptional and does work with gloves which is a tremendous plus when skiing.  I like the live tiles, only some apps have this function.  I had a problem for awhile transferring my DMR free music from Itunes on my MacBook pro until I checked the box in the Windows Phone Software for Mac, "Allow Access to Folder".  The one issue I have is streaming over Bluetooth.  The sound is terrible especially in the car and the volume is extremely low.  I am 59 and do not play music so everyone within 20 feet can hear it,  but I do want to hear it over the treadmill.  I purchased the Jaybird Sportsband just before Christmas.  Worked great with Iphone 5.  With the Nokia the sound is muddied, kind of mono sounding, and volume is low with both the phone and headset cranked up.  The phone has no sound controls for wireless headsets and does not support all features apparently that the headset might have.  I found that if I turn the volume down using the Sportsband, the phone stays maxed at 30 and I cannot use the Sportsband to turn the volume back up.  I have to delete the device from the Bluetooth app and then sync it again.  When I get home on Friday I will try it with 3 other Wireless headsets I have, but I have a feeling that this is a Win 8 software limitation at the moment.  For me this is a big limitation as I have been wireless for awhile now and play music solely over Bluetooth.  I will try the Sportsband with another Win 8 phone at the store along with the display Nokia 920 to see if my phone has a problem or again if this is a Win 8 phone limitation.  Other than the Bluetooth function the phone works great and the screen is very nice.', 'I am a early adopter of this phone. Before att released the phone, i bought developer edition off ebay, though It was very expensive on ebay.My first impression on the hardware was WOW. The build quality had exceeded my expectations.I had used almost all generations of iphones including Iphone 5. But being bored with same interface i changed to lumia 900 and then to lumia 920. though hardware on lumia 920 exceeded my expectations, but not windows 8. All windows 8 previews has exaggerated the features. In real life there are very few in windows 8 which are useful. Regarding apps, the stock is low ,it has to come up with more. Before buying i know all this but wanted to try it any way. Low light photography is great. NFC is not that useful as of now.Regarding the gorilla glass 2, i watched all videos on youtube where user scratched the phone with knife,keys and hammer. But a simple rub (accidental) of phone on my hard floor made scratches on the phone screen. I was disappointed on this. But i installed screen protector which has hidden most scratches .Any way I still recommend the phone.', 'This is simply the best phone I have ever had. I love the wireless charging, the industry best camera, and Windows 8 operating system. I have been a long time iPhone user, but after 6+ years iOS has become dated. I thought about moving to Android, but I heard about the malware and hardware quality issues with some of the Samsungs. Nokia 920 brings the sexy back to phones! I love it.', "This phone is beautiful, fast, and FUN to use.I switched from and iPhone.  I was worried I wouldnt find all my used apps... but you dont even need them with this phone!  The phone already does everything all my favorite apps did...But don't get me wrong, there are still TONS of apps in the market.. I just don't NEED them. :)It's so simple to use, but so advanced.  It practically does everything for you.  Brings information to your home screen.Facebook and twitter integration is seamless!The camera is PHENOMENAL.  Especially in low light conditions.Battery lasts me more than a day.-Couldnt be happier with my Lumia 920!", 'I got this phone and ran into a lot of trouble.  Even the factory repair didn\'t fix a log of things.  Their GPS loses connection often.  The offline maps are really not offline ( you can\'t search).  Drops calls like crazy in california.  I see 4-5 bars in other phones with at&t where this phone shows only 2-3 bars or lower.  No service bug. Often goes out and displays "no service".  After dealing with Nokia so many times, they\'re giving a run around without any fix for the problem. I really wanted to return this phone to them, and get my money back!  The phone seems fast and shiny, but that\'s about it.  I regret my purchase! Should have gone with HTC or some other windows phone.  The main thing is the phone call quality and gps quality. And if that doesn\'t work well, everything else is of no use.  Doesn\'t make sense to carry this heavy brick around compared to other phones.', "Every other review has covered all the big stuff so I recommend you read several of them, but let me tell you about the small stuff. They have changed the tell me network voice and have added a male voice. These now have a richer sound and more intonation than before, the network seems faster at processing the dictation and I would say I am noticing better accuracy. I use TellMe with a wired headset many, many times a day everyday and it has become an important part of how I get things done. Since I have my headset in all day long the ability for developers to use the TellMe API's in their apps is huge. I can use my voice to open apps and perform tasks in those apps. For example I can use my voice to open Audible and start my book playing without ever looking at my phone.Next their are some great improvements to texting in the phone. They now are not only predicting what word you are typing but what word you may intend to type next. I found this very useful and a pleasing surprise as I never saw this feature update get any press.Let me just cover the criticism of the weight I have seen out there, by saying it is not really an issue when compared to the feel of solidness you get when handling the phone.The phones screen is amazing I kept putting drops of water on it when I first got it to see if I could see pixels when magnified and I still could not. The speed of the screen really makes itself apparent when scrolling black text on a white back ground, there is no blur when the text is in motion.The camera is truly the sweet spot for me, I take a lot of photos and many of them indoors or in poor light and that is where this camera shines. And the ability to have images auto-upload to ShyDrive at full resolution is great.I will amend this as I spend more time with the phone.***edit***01/23/13I have spent more time with the phone and have now changed my rating to five stars. Nokia have updated the camera and nearly every Nokia app several times in the last month and half. They have taken a great phone camera and made it that much better. Nokia took care of the issues with daytime photos and sped up the taking of dark photos.", "Had to return the phone. There are quite a number of major flaws that are not acceptable for 2013 smartphone's standards. BATTERY LIFE IS HORRIBLE. Nokia packed so much tech, and a huge battery but that still didn't help. A lot of headphones with built-in mic don't work. Volume sometimes works only for music and not for phone ringtone, and vise versa. Still no Apps. LTE works like crap on AT&T;, and I only had 9Mbs down while my friends iPhone 5 on AT&T; same LTE was getting close to 22MBs!!! Nokia maps and Bing integration just blows more than Apple's Maps fiasco. I searched for a club that was 2 blocks away from me, the phone found another club, 5 miles away with different name. For a smartphone, it's quite dumb. Micro USB cable charges fast only if you use the one that came with the phone, which is BS. Typing is not faster than iPhone and way behind than Android Jelly Bean keyboard. Voice commands sound more like a gimmick and had no real use for me, maybe for someone who's blind or disabled, even then it doesn't understand what you tell the phone to do.Microsoft is loosing the game quite badly, come on. Software company with so much development and research can figure these things out."]