['not worth it cell charger', 'Bad charge', 'Cheap price, Cheap product!', 'loving them', 'Charging accessories.', 'WORKS A FEW DAYS ABD THEN...', 'Great adapters,Great price!', 'Excelent product with good features. I was not expecting that but great for the price.', 'Mixed results', 'charging kit']
[1.0, 2.0, 1.0, 4.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0]
["Does not work. Doesn't charge my cell with wall charger or computer plug. Not recommended. Not worth it. Spend a little more for a good one.", "Great as a combo pack but car charger doesn't charge properly.  It continues to come out of charger hole. Bad charger.", 'The quality and price for these was so inferior that I had to return these three items.  They were priced very, very cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for.', 'it was great for the value and i am glad that i buy would tell my friend if they need a great changer this is a great buy', "This is by far the best value ever.  And they are actually compatable with my phone.  It's amazing that original manufacturers get away with charging 10x's the amount for essentially the same thing.  This is a must have!", 'WORKS A FEW DAYS AND THEN...makes a less than satisfactory doorThis is an example which proves that you get what you pay for.Over timr I have bought many no name el cheapo items from Amazon which performed well but this is not an example.  I once purchased a 6 foot USB cable of one cent which had free shipping and works as well as $40  ONE FROM best BUY which is an example of why I give these offers a chance', "Great adapters! Its like I'm able to charge my phone anywhere I go. Great as a travel pack for the Notes or any other phone for that matter.", 'I received this product in time as published and checked for serviceability. All products works correctly and it is the best product. I made a good decision to buy these products on amazon. they are very cheap and worth it. I may order another set of them.', "The plug-in and car chargers worked fine. But that USB cable charged slow a couple times then quit working all together. I think I'll still to OEM for the cord from now on.", 'all three products work great especially the u.s.b. cable,the only one that works to connect my phone to car audio.definately recommend this purchase']