["Easy to use, big enough screen to get my fingers on and great when texting and I am the worlds worst texter. Programs are easy to use and easy to set up. I have owned lots of phones including the iphone and I wouldn't trade this one for any of them. You'll love.", 'Nuff said.Ok since 18 more words are required, I will end by saying you will not be let down =)', 'good hardware (could be great, but did not make it)samsung stuff on top of android slows it downsamsung android 4.3 update will take control of your device away from you.samsung &#34;support&#34; is uselessIf you promptly root your Note 2 and keep samsungs crap software away from it you will like this device (4 stars)if you let samsung update it you will hate it (negative stars!)', 'He loves it as much as my Mother, however the &#34;NEXT BIG THING&#34; is out now and he wants the note 3 and the gear? Oh well Bro. Shoulda waited 2 weeks. lol', "The only thing we were looking for was a phone that would last all day, this is it. We came from the HTC EVO which was a nice phone other than battery life required you carry an extra battery. It is fast, plenty of room for apps without adding a SD card.Most the bad reviews have to do with Sprint so check carefully if they have good service in your area. The phone won't turn so-so service into anything but so-so service. We have traveled from Florida to Maine several time and have always had service be it 2G or 4G.As for the phone it's large, makes an iPhone look like a toy when compared side by side. Compared to the iPhone it's heavy but not that much. The camera is outstanding if you use it a lot. Listening to Pandora is fine as is watching videos. Playback is better than the HTC or the iPhone but for those area's of so-so connection download the video and then play it back.This is more phone than most will need but it's nice to have anyway. I'd say 4 and a half stars as nothing is perfect.", "First of this phone has a massive 5.5&#34; screen.  It is not 1080 but still provides a crystal clear awesome display.  Second it has a quad core processor chugging away at 1.6Ghz.  Not the fastest out there, but nearly so.  Comes with 16GB of ROM and you can add more via a micro SD card - plenty of room. Standard features, front and rear cameras - not the highest resolution but still respectable.  Bluetooth, WIFI up to N and NFC.  Comes with JB 4.1.2 and 4.3 is rolling out as I pen this.  KitKat will undoubtedly be added at some point.It is a big phone, not designed for the dainty and weak.  I added a silcone/plastic case and it has an armored feel to it now.Battery life is good, will run all day on a single charge with substantial use.Finally, it is last year's model and that means Samsung is clearing them out for the Note 3.  Great deals are to be had.  If the size does not intimidate you, this is your phone.  Runs with the best of them, and provides a total media experience.", "This phone is worth the money because there is nothing you can't do with it.I paid 700 for it and it has replaced my 1200 $ computer.This isn't a phone its a computer.If you buy one be sure you get the biggest storage model.and a 64 gigabyte sdcard.your going to need it at some point.it's really easy to use it does fit in your pocket. And no one thinks you look funny with it in your hand . Every one wants to play with it. I don't let them lolI love my note 2 and I can't wait to see the note3 lol", 'If you are looking for a larger screen capable of doing anything a PC can do (and just as fast with 4G) this is a great phone.', 'Great phone.  Love the features.  Tablet and phone in one. Samsung rules!  The phone meets all expectations and beyond.  Amazing!!', 'Beautiful phone and I loved it...Screen looked brand new and the phone works perfectly well', "This is an awesome phone. the Phone plus Jelly bean OS make this the best phone ever. I'm on youtube learning all the features.", "I'm issued between 3-4 of the newest phones each year ranging from iPhones, Windows, Android, you name it. I was hesitant but curious about the Note 2. The specs were exciting; the quad core processor? Woof. I was mostly concerned about the overall size of the phone. I went from an iPhone with a 3.5 inch screen to the Note with a 5.5 inch screen.First off, I'm a tall guy with large hands. Navigating the phone with one hand is rarely an issue for me. It is very slim and very light and fits in every pair of pants pockets that I own.I've come to love the size of the phone. There is a transition period to going to a larger phone like this, but I couldn't be more happy with this device. I'm more of an Apple guy and had the option to go with the 5, but I'm perfectly content with my Note for the time being.Battery life is AMAZING. I definitely recommend hooking up to wifi and home and at work if you have the ability to. Configured correctly, I could go THREE DAYS between charges when connected to wifi. That is completely unheard of these days with smart phones. When signal drops, battery tends to drain faster of course, but this is hands down the best smartphone battery life I've ever come across. It is ranked number 2 in smartphone battery life behind the Droid Maxx, but I personaly haven't been very impressed with Motorola's phones as of late.Highly recommended device. Samsung is making some very, very good smartphones lately.", "First I'll say that this is my first smart phone, but I'm comfortable with the learning curve on new technology, so I didn't have any trouble learning the basics.  This was also a change of service vendor for me, so some things are different depending on which company's setup you have.  Probably the &#34;basic&#34; feature that threw me off the most was realizing that voice mail was an app, rather than having to call a phone number to retrieve messages.  I love the size of the phone, which is a hot topic in the reviews.  Evidently you either love the size or you don't care for it; I love it.  There are so many great reviews from people who can compare this to other smart phone models, so I'll just end by saying that if you want a bigger screen and (back in the day) could program your VCR, you will love this phone.  Plus, you can always ask a 10 year old to help you.  Enjoy!", 'THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AT A FANTASTIC UNHEARD OF PRICE.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE WHO IS LOOKING TO UPGRADE!', 'Coming from a DroidX  which was on its last legs I am very impressed. The Droid was an ok phone but would sometimes reboot, had issues with slowness etc.Things I love,Display! knocks your soocks off vivid colors.Bluetooth Was buggy on my old phone Solid performer here and  notification sounds are finally routed thru bluetooth.Battery life,  I can run the whole day no need to plug in. Simply the best phon I have had ever', 'This phone has taught me how to use a phone.  i use to have difficulties using phones but this one is so easy to use and I love all the functions that I can do on this phone.', 'I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T-Mobile. Same phone with a different chipset is used for Sprint/Verizon.When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!The manual pdf is definitely a must read, there are lot of tips in the manual that comes in handy. For example motion based sensors are extraordinary. Closing the phone with palm silences it. Sliding palm takes a screenshot. There are several such examples. Read the manual.Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone\'s play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE:  In Jelly bean, you have a circle with a / and pressing it prompts a pop up to delete. After delete it reverts to top of the list again. Why dont they go to same spot. I have hundreds, so it is a pain, nevertheless good feature. I will delete few every day!Some of apps I have as of now :Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBeyondPodBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.', "I received my phone within a couple of days with no problem. It's big, bold and I love it. I use a bluetooth, so I never have to put it up to my ear if I don't choose to.", 'My vision is not so great, therefore I order this phone and love every aspect of it.  If I had to make the choice I would choose it again.  The price was not bad, I would never upgrade through my cellphone company again. Amazon is the way to go.', 'Great phone!  Rooted as soon as I got it.  Super easy and fun to mod. The spen is great and nice size to display everything', 'I really like the phone. I had to send one back because it was defective. Amazon took care of it immediately. The power button is not in the best position and is easily pushed by accident.', 'This is absolutely the best phone I\'ve use so far and like most we usually say that about all of our new phones but this time I mean it. Unlike most, the big size of the phone is what drew me to it...it was calling my name. It felt natural and comfortable as though they made this phone for me and it felt that way the minute I took hold of it. I can even use it one handed and I don\'t consider my hands the biggest. I really don\'t know what other are complaining about the size being too big and yes it fits in my pockets with ease. I put my EVO LTE face to face with this phone and its only about 1/4" wider and 1" taller. I got this phone because I got tired of having too many devices, so I sold my Nexus 7 and EVO LTE so that I could reduce the number of device and only carry one. This device is all I will ever need until the Note 3 and from now on this ex HTC and EVO fan will be buying Samsung Galaxy Notes. This device does the things of many without having to carry many. I really truly love this big beautiful device. So many features packed in one device with excellent battery life. It may not be for everyone but it is definitely for me.', 'Had the Galaxy Note 2 for a few days, wow what a cool device, but had to pay $90.00 for the service from Sprint. Returned it and decided to go with the Galaxy S2 with Virgin paying $35/mo + $5.00 insurance fee. The S2 also is a great device, lots of ROM and can add a SD card for future apps. No restarting issues yet after a few weeks, will update if I due have any issues....', 'After playing with this phone for a few weeks I definitely understand why they are calling it a &#34;phablet&#34;. This is a decent compromise to carrying around two devices. I would highly recommend using a bluetooth adapter for making calls as you do look a little silly holding this monster up to your head.']