['Hands down best wallet iphone 4 case out in the market', 'Nifty gadget', 'Cuteness', 'Great', 'Cool case and Wife loves it.', 'Good case']
[5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0]
["Wow. This product totally blew me away. The product quality is fantastic, and the price? well, compare it to Twelve South's $60 MSRP BookBook..... no competition! I am very happy with my purchase. Thanks to Murcury for making this such an affordable product.", "Decided to try this as I need something that protects the face of the phone.  I carry my phone in my pocket, so it's subject to getting scratched/cracked by keys, etc. This gadget fills the bill.  It's sort of like having a flip phone, but better.  The only improvement I'd like to see is if the latch (magnetic) could be part of the cover instead of part of the back.  It takes 2 hands to get everything out of the way when opening the cover to answer the phone.  If the latch was part of the cover, this issue would go away and I'd have given it 5 stars.Update: When taking flash photos (and only flash photos) there is a reflection (I think) from the hole for the camera lens. This ruins the photo. To take flash photos, you must remove the phone from the case.  This should be easy for the manufacturer to remedy on later models.  Just be aware.  I still recommend the product, but the flash issue is something to be aware of.....", "I get tons of compliments on this.  It's  super thin and I have no conerns that it will fall out of the holder.The slots are kind of tight.  I don't really use it as a wallet as well.  The only little thing i'm not super wild about is that it's kind of difficult to take it out.  I feel like I'm going to break the plastic holder it's in or break my nails.", 'Wow very helpfull and nice', 'The yellow is sexy looking and a good blend with the hot pink.  Good quality and protects the phone well.  Even holds credit cards and cash if needed.  highly recommended.', "My husband likes this case a lot.  He stole it from me when his much-more-expensive case came apart in just a month or two.  This one is going strong, annoying the heck out of me with its sharp &#34;clack&#34; every time the magnet closes.  Oh wait, that's actually my husband responsible for that. Just wish it came with a strap to go in the grommet!"]