['I took a risk', 'best stylus ever', 'Ikross Galaxy Touch Screen Pen', 'Generally OK', 'Great for Galaxy S3!', 'Works with the GS3', 'iKross stlus pen', "It's just ok", 'Great for phone -', 'Not too shabby', 'just right for GS3']
[5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 4.0, 5.0]
['I took a risk and I\'m glad I did. I bought this knowing full well that it may not work with my device seeing how it\'s not a Galaxy S III, instead I was buying it for my Nook HD+ and Asus Transformer Infinity. It only worked for the Asus. I bought a different stylus with a thicker tip just in case.Pros:- The size for starters: that tip is amazingly small making for a more natural pen feel- The Weight: It is a nice and heavy pen, you know that its in your hand, and since it is a bit hefty it feels really durable- Construction: I touched on it with weight, this pen feels solid and really well made.Cons:- The Length: it\'s a little on the short side and I don\'t have big hands (nor do I have small hands). When I use a stylus I tend to hold it a little higher up on the barrel to assure my palm isn\'t touching the screen and potentially activating it. With this stylus trying to do that doesn\'t leave a lot of barrel left making it harder to stabilize it when using it.All and all I am more than happy/relieved. I bought the Nook HD+ for reading since it to me was the perfect size, and the Asus to act as my main Tablet (since the former is so heavily skinned and stripped that it lacks a lot of features). I own the app "Drawing Pad" and this stylus has just been great for it and also "Draw Something" since unlike my brother who can use his fingers and make masterpieces, I need more accuracy. I spent a long time and a lot of money on styluses that promise to have a small tip, and I finally found it. The real test comes later on when I apply my screen protector, hopefully the pen will still work.  If it doesn\'t then I\'d rather have the pen than the screen protector since I\'ve searched too long for it.', "I like the way it fits in my hand and small point on it is prefect you can't use it for everything but that is fine it is still amazing", "Pen is nice quality, but it doesn't work on the Galaxy S111. You have to press real hard on touch screen. When just using your fingers, you only have to touch the screen lightly.", 'I have to sometimes press harder than I think I should to get this to work but all in all I am happy with it.', 'This is a great product for my Galaxy S3! I love it! It\'s the best for those days when I want to use a stylus.For people leaving the "Oh, it didn\'t work for the iPad 3, but it works on my family member\'s Galaxy S3" type of reviews:IT WAS MEANT FOR: Samsung Galaxy Note (N7000), Note 2 II (N7100), Galaxy S3 III (i9300)--- ONLY!It uses (unofficial) s-pen technology, only devices that can use the Samsung S-Pen as listed!This is not a bad product, but it upsets me that the reviews don\'t reflect it...', "It works well with the Galaxy S3.  Some apps are a little buggy, but that is Samsung's fault.  Non-Samsung apps work pretty well, but I think part of the problem is that the rubber tip is too precise so the touch resolution can't always detect touches (but Chrome seems to work well with the hyperlinks).  The S memo is fun to play with using the stylus and editing pictures just like in the commercials.  Overall, it is nice to have.", 'great love it. It is a great help when in a hurry. I feel fancy when using my stylus in public', "I ordered this for my galaxy s3 because of the reviews I've read for this product. Needless to say if I didn't have to pay to return the item I would send it back. It works but barley I purchased a cheaper one that works 100 times better", "I had hopes that this would work with my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 - however, it doesn't really work.  However, it really works well with my Samsung S3 phone.", 'I love it, when I can find it. I lose it a lot but, if it had a string or a way to attach it to the phone, it would be easier.', 'works perfect on the Galaxy s3 will not work on other devices though,i love it love it live it,wow.super great']