['not good', 'Handy Charger', 'Dont Buy This!!', 'work great!', 'Mine broke before I could use it.', 'i love this thing!', 'great option', 'This is a lousy product', 'Good product.', 'LOVE IT', 'Works great', "Doesn't Fit Right", 'wall charger', 'works charges my batteries', "It's a battery charger", 'works but not fast', 'Best product ever.']
[1.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 1.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 3.0, 5.0]
['its not good ...from the first use it become heat and stopped charging...but the seller is very good when I contact him he directly refund my money ...', 'Charger is extremely useful, and appears to function well.  A great barman for the price.  With this it is easy to keep a backup battery fully charged all the time.', "Battery inserts sideways???  Won't stay in.  I have never seen a design like this one.  Pathetic.  Poor Quality.  Will not charge battery because it wont hold the battery in sideways.", "Not bad product didn't seem to cheap.. so far had no problem charging my batteries. Bought to more for gf..!", "I wasn't sure how it indicates charging.  It gives a blue light and a red light.  My battery fell off and the little metal piece by the charger broke off with it.  Disappointed, not worth buying another one.  I just bought a portable usb battery instead.", "i keep this plugged in on my bathroom wall and charge my phone battery (i have 3 of them haha) so i charge one at night and put one in my phone and the other one is waiting on deck lol. i haven't used the usb plug in it, just because i haven't had the need, but that would be an added bonus when i need it. the only thing is that the light stays on all the time, and i don't like to have any lights on while i sleep. but if you like night lights, then it may work for you haha. the light is pink when charging and blue when done charging...", 'My Note 2 goes through batteries like they are going out of style. it quite charging so I bought this to have a back up for when the first dies every day.', "It's awkward to use and just goofy as hell.  Charges VERY slowly.  Just spend a little more money and be happy.", "This is a good product. It works well, but it is a bit slow. I wish the prongs didn't bend when you put it in the wall.", 'HANDY GADGET, WORKS JUST PERFECTLY FINE... FOR MY NEEDS IS PERFECT, I RECOMMEND IT, I DIOD NOT KNOW IT DID EXIST', 'I bought a clone phone, and the charging port broke after 28 days, so I ordered this praying that it worked for charging my battery, and it works very well.  The S&H was a bit of a wait, but its okay cause now I can charge my battery.', "The charger works but there is nothing to hold the battery in place. It literally just sits there and falls out while plugged into the wall. If there was some sort of holder then it would be worth it. There is a usb port that can be used to charge your phone so that's pretty sweet. It can charge two things at once. Your gonna need some tape or something to hold the battery in place. Its a great price.", "Great price, can't beat it.  Would highly recommend this company and item to anyone interested. Get this if you need to carry a spare battery", 'not exactly fast. But charges them to 100%.I recommend this if you have extra batteries and need to charge them.  It is a slow trickle charger takes aobut 10 hours to charge fully but at the end your battery is charged and ready to go at 100%', 'Buy them for work, home, car and travel.  Does the job nicely.  With all the phones in our house we have lots of batteries that need charging!', 'The charger works and my battery for my note 2 fits perfectly.  I just expected a faster charger. I thought it would charge within a hour or 2 but if tje battery is dead or any where near dead takes all night or all day to completely charge to 100%. I do like the pink and bkue light indicator .', "This battery charger for my back up batteries is awesome I love it. Works great charges quick and is the best purchase I've made. I've missed out on tons of photos because my phone was dead but now that I have this back up method I'll never miss anything again thank you."]