['A very capable smartphone', 'Great phone', 'Awesome phone', 'Possibly the best Windows Phone you can get right now', 'Solid, Sturdy, Colorful, SmartPhone.']
[4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["I purchased the Lumia 920 in November, along with a free wireless charger. After using several Windows Phone 7 series of devices, this was my first experience with Windows Phone 8 and with Nokia smartphones. After several months with the phone, I feel this is one of the best smartphones on the market for what I need.Build quality:The phone features a one piece polycarbonate plastic body and a curved Gorilla Glass screen. There are four buttons along the right side and virtually nothing else. The phone never looks busy like devices from Samsung or Motorola. The build is excellent, with little to no gaps anywhere on the device. If Apple had focused on plastics instead of glass and metal, I imagine the quality would be about the same.My phone survived multiple drops, tosses and pockets with keys. It is about as rugged as anything I have used before. Which is good, because this phone is massive. I cannot wear it in a back pocket and sit down. It feels a bit like a micro-tablet with its large flat surfaces. I don't feel the phone is too big to be usable, but its size is something you notice.Hardware:The 920 uses a dual core Snapdragon processor, LTE, 1GB of ram and 32GB of internal memory. The phone feels very quick; loading times for apps is often less than a second. Even the most complex games will start up in 15-20 seconds. This is a huge improvement over previous Windows Phones.The rear camera is 8.7MP, and can record 1080p video. The camera takes excellent night shots and features optical image stabilization, only found on high end Nokia phones.The screen is 4.5 inches and has a resolution of 1280 x 768. Although this screen uses an LCD instead of AMOLED technology, the blacks are very dark and the colors are crisp. Video motion is very smooth; much smoother than any other smartphone I have seen. Viewing in direct sunlight is no problem either.The only down side to the screen is that it feels thick; your thumb seems to float above the display rather than actually touching the pixels as on some AMOLED displays. I think this may be due to the front glass not being optically bonded to the LCD panel. The other issue is that the viewing angle is a bit narrower than I am used to. This is no problem in daily use, but when viewing the screen at an extreme angle (like looking at the caller ID when in bed) can be problematic. Even with these faults, the screen is easily the best I have used on a phone.Software:The phone comes with Windows Phone 8, which is a unique take on a smart phone operating system.  Tiles populate the start screen and act in the same way widgets do in Android. Some provide up to date weather, others display notifications for apps you have installed. The tiles are customizable and very intuitive.Nokia also packs in extensive navigation software with their phones. You will never need a GPS or be required to purchase software. The on-board navigation features offline maps for most of the world, supports multiple languages and is very accurate.I like WP8 a lot, but I ran into one major issue. At one point, the camera flash stopped working. Thinking it may have been a software issue, I reset my phone, but the reset crashed halfway through. I contacted AT&T; and they sent out a replacement phone within a few days. I am not sure what caused the error, but I am glad it was under warrantee. I doubt this was a hardware problem and may be something to do with a recent software update the phone received.Overall, I think this is a better feeling phone than anything put out by Sony, Samsung, LG or Motorola. The software is fun and easy to understand. There are a lot of great games and apps out there to use and the camera and screen are among the best. There is room for improvement though - thinner profile, wider viewing angles, Micro-SD card support are a few at the top of the list.", "I love the phone.  It may not have all the apps of Apple or Android, but it has enough and doesn't seem lacking. Great camera and I love the OS.  I should say I also had a Windows 7 phone, so I was already familar with the Metro design.", "Decided to copy my review from the red phone as I I ended up getting a great deal on this and bought three of them in white, blue and red (for my wife, daughter, myself).  The wireless charging is amazing and works just like my electric toothbrush, just sit it on a pad (of course mine is the only one still backordered).  The blue phone arrived last, red was second to arrive while white came in pretty quick but that's what my wife wanted after seeing the iPhone in white.  I don't know why these are unavailable on Amazon although I have heard many stores are also sold out in one color or another.  As for AT&T;, I was willing to leave and go try Verizon but couldn't pass up on the deal due to my company's discounts on service PLUS I wanted this phone.  My nephew also recently gave up his Iphone after many years to go buy a Lumia 920.  He was able to move his music collection (from ITunes) with the app for his Mac.  He considered Galaxy or Nexus as well and absolutely loves this phone.How heavy?  At first I thought it was heavy when I was trying it out in the store but now I am used to it.  No one in the family complaining but know that it's heavier than most smartphones.  If you have trouble carrying another 30 grams or so, perhaps look into doing some pushups :).How sturdy?  I also bought a case for my wife but she doesn't use it, the phone seems sturdy enough.What about the OS?  As for the Windows Phone OS, I haven't noticed any showstoppers.  The interface is refreshing, fast and fluid.  You have to keep the phone to realize how much easier it is to integrate with Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. I haven't explored a new feature called rooms or groups but it seems interesting for a family to stay in sync with shared contacts, calendar, notes etc. almost like an electronic bulletin board.  My wife is not technical so will have to see how useful this feature is or if she uses it.  Will update the review on this one.  As for apps, they keep coming every day and I don't feel like it's limited or what the brouhaha is.  The only one I hear about is instagram but I hear its coming.Critical feature that sold me on this versus alternatives?  Nokia Maps.  I also considered HTC 8x but felt Nokia had more apps I wanted and I expect better support.  One of the best phones I have ever owned was a Nokia and this seems solid.  I would consider the 8x if the weight really bothers you but again, we are all used to it already.Quick review of AT&T; stores if I may:  AT&T; help and knowledge of these products at the store is a hit or miss.  When asked what is the difference between 920 and 820, I got, one's bigger than the other.  Daaah!!!  How about wireless charging built in, the awesome camera (btw pics and video on this are great and much better than my old phone and rival my canon Point and shoot), xbox integration (some of it is gimmicky but man I use it as a remote more than I thought), Nokia music.What I would have liked to see more of:  FM radio but I can live without it.  Nothing else comes to mind for now.  If you go with an open mind with no preconceived notions (hard to do if you are a fanboy or fangirl), you'll be pleasantly surprised.To add, 12/1/2012:  I wondered if the phone locks do you just wait it for it to die or is there a reset?I found out at the AT&T; store (sorry if I said bad things about you before) you can press volume and power and hold for 5-10 seconds and the device resets (like ctl alt del).I now need to find a clip so I can attach it to my dash somehow for music and gps.  If someone has suggestions, please fire away.", 'I purchased this phone primarily for development purposes, and I really do like what I\'ve used of it. The Windows Phone 8 software is quite polished and definitely not the horror it once was during the early adoption days of Windows Phone 7. You can tell that Microsoft really cares about the success of the mobile OS and really is trying.As far as software goes, Windows Phone 8\'s app selection is good to fair. You don\'t get overabundant choices you find on platforms like iOS or Android, but there are at least some choices available. Being an Android user before, the only apps I had trouble replacing include a bank app (my bank only has an iOS app and barely launched an Android app a few months ago), an app compatible with my budgeting software (I usually enter stuff on my desktop for ease of use anyway), and a crossword app I like (Shortyz on Android is simply one of the best apps I\'ve seen at this and none of the current offerings on the WP8 store come close to it). Other than that, everything is either there or has a substitute that works sufficiently. Apps like Pandora on WP8 prove just how great the ecosystem can be when developers put their all into polishing their apps, because the Pandora app is very impressive on it.There\'s stuff I would normally get apps to use, but the contact hub is quite good about that. Instead of having to get a Twitter client, I just added a Twitter account under the accounts menu and I can see my status updates at a glance under the "Me" tile. I can even make updates from here. Getting my Google Calendar to properly work on it was quite a challenge, but the problem is on Google\'s end and I used a workaround that I found with enough searching. As a result, the calendar syncs very nicely with all my appointments. My Gmail shows up quite well, too. But what I love about how Windows Phone 8 ties everything together is the lock screen. This is one of the best lock screens I\'ve ever used on any phone. It is simple, but it\'s also very configurable and unobtrusive. I can set it up to show me upcoming appointments, unread email messages, missed calls, battery life, and more. To top it off, it also shows me song information when I\'m hearing music and offers music controls to skip, rewind, or play/pause.Oh, but let\'s talk about music. The phone\'s built-in music app is very sufficient for the most part, but what really bothers me about it is how it doesn\'t support FLAC files. I find that annoying because some of my music is in FLAC, so some of my artists are unplayable while the majority (in MP3) are just fine. Sound quality is decent over headphones and the speaker as well. Not anything that blows you away like any HTC phones with the built-in Beats equalizers (if I\'m not mistaken, the 8X has it as well), but it\'s very decent nonetheless.The hardware is impressive. I love the choice in colors, considering that Windows Phones usually offer several colors while Apple and Android usually offer a choice of black or white. I chose the cyan color. It\'s kind of a candy-blue hue, and the polycarbonate casing feels nice with just the right level of heft. This isn\'t a cheap phone; it feels nice to use and hold. On the side are volume rockers, power, and (get this) a dedicated camera button. You never see that in phones anymore.But the camera? It\'s great. I took a few photos with it and I was very impressed with the results. It also rivals the HTC One when it comes to low light photo quality. They both take slightly different photos in day, but the difference between low light photos on both phones is still debatable. The camera sits nice and flush in the back and does not protrude in any way, which is a plus. I also like the bezel. It\'s black and feels like it\'s overflowing from the case, but it\'s very shiny and comparable to clear obsidian rock. Just holding it and touching it feels great, and Nokia put effort into making the touch screen usable by people with gloves on (which seems to be a problem many other smartphones have with people living in colder climates).Something else I really liked about this phone is the wireless charging. When I first got the phone, it was completely dead, and I did find it faster to charge it by USB, but for day to day charging, the wireless charging option is very convenient. Just put your phone on the Nokia wireless charging pad (I think it\'s sold separately; mine was included in a bundle I purchased outside Amazon) and forget about it.If you\'re on the market for a Windows Phone at all, or you\'re somebody itching to try something other than iOS or Android, this is a great phone to take a look at. If you like Nokia, are using an existing Windows Phone 7.5 phone, or just want a middle ground between Apple and Google, this is definitely a great phone to try. I would also highly recommend this phone to people who like the Microsoft ecosystem (Outlook, OneNote, etc.), or want a smartphone but aren\'t so crazy about using apps.People usually put down Windows Phones because the OS is "still getting there", but I\'d say that\'s more of an issue in the past year or two. Windows Phone 8 is definitely picking up steam and getting better with each passing day. It\'s definitely more solid than it once was.', 'I have used Samsung Android phones & Apple iPhones but the Nokia Lumia 920 is surprisingly pleasant piece of hardware.The pros of this machine are:-Solid, Hefty & Sturdy.-Comes in many Colors.-The Windows OS does not imitate Apple or Android leaving the user with a unique experience.-Bright, Responsive High resolution screen.-Takes good pictures.-Wireless charging & NFC facility.-Long Battery life.The cons are:-The phone is heavy in the hand.This could be a positive and a negative based on what you expect your phone to be.-No facility to expand memory with an SD Card.-The windows app store is not huge but has all the basic apps like WhatsApp, Viber, Skype, Facebook etc.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a Non Apple, Non Android Windows SmartPhone.']