['She loves it especially for the stylus and size. Likes larger screen for her games. She was so excited. Thanks Amazon.', "I purchased this phone for my wife; an upgrade from the Galaxy S2. I already had my Note 2 so I already knew the beauty of the phone. She's been blown away with this phone. She don't have to put her glasses on every time now to check her messages. Lol", 'Not only large but very quick. Quicker on fios but a big improvement on the Sprint system. Main reason was 2GB of SYSTEM memory, so I knew it would be quick and that it is. The phone is tough to get in your pocket if your on the slim side so it becomes a hand held until the car.', 'Love the phone.Sprint data sucks bad. Constantly stalls when trying to do any web browsing.We do not have 4g in our area.', "Phone #3 in a week....bad luck? Probably not.First phone: Speaker quality during calls was awful. I would hear white noise (like a radio) when the other person speaks. Volume on low and people were inaudible and muffled.  Turn the volume up one or two clicks and the whole phone would rattle. Speaker phone was hardly loud enough on full blast and rattled, too. Sprint reps agreed.Second phone: Sound quality tolerable. That's it. Not even good, just tolerable. Still white noise when other person talks. In less than 3 hrs the touch sensor started messing up. By the next morning I could not unlock the screen anymore by touch. Possibly a software issue, but still....Third phone: Speaker phone cracks and rattles once I hit half volume. I can understand caller clearly now but I still have to tolerate that dam white noise?!?!?!Everything else seems amazing. I'm just dumbfounded that a phone company pushes a top of the line phone and forgets you need to be able to make phone calls.", "Before i talk about it, i am going to say i upgraded from an iPhone 4. So you Apple fanboys don't say i am just a hater. :DI won't go too much into talking down the iPhone since most of you looking to switch from apple to android already know what you DO NOT like about your iPhone. Here are the reasons I LOVE this phone.1.)Android is Open Source - Meaning I dont have to jailbreak or even install a &#34;custom ROM&#34; to customize my phone to my liking. Just about anything you want is probably in the Play store.2.) Easy PC connectivity - Again because Android has an open platform. I plug in my phone to the USB port and BAM i can easily access my folders and just as easily transfer ANY kind of media file onto my phone. SWEEEETNOW ... yes there are many Android phones out there, but the Note 2 rocks because the screen is HUGE and beautiful.I dont use the S pen all that much, but in the few occasions that I do, it really comes in handy.The micro sd slot is a plus, especially if you like to put movies or photos to share on your device.On the downside, Samsung takes their sweet time to push Android firmware updates out to devices.The best thing and worst thing about this phone is that it's so BIG. Haha. Its just hard to find a nice protective case for this phone without adding a whole lot of bulk or too hard on your hands. I have big hands so it isnt that big a deal for me.This phone fits perfectly fine in my pocket also. (I Dont wear skinny jeans)", "I always try to stay current and on top of the latest technology even if it overwhelms me on the learning curve.  The Note II qualifies on that score but with all the excellent video reviews one can find on the net as to the Note II's various capabilities and functions, the task of getting up to speed is less daunting and make no mistake, the video reviews are far more helpful than trying to read your way through the tutorials.  I've had the Note II for a little over a week at this writing and am still learning the various nuances but must say I'm far from mastering the phone.  So far, it's been all I had hoped for or expected and then some!I've had a long history with Galaxy devices in the past which definitely helps in already knowing the basic commands and navigation tools.  The S Pen is obviously the game changer with the Note II and by understanding its capabilities is what sets the Note II apart from all other comparable devices including the iphone.  Being able to take a note on a thought while talking on the phone is nice as is the ability to go back to review it later or even incorporate the note into other functions, ditto the screen captures and noting and cutting out snippets of various web sites then sending that info onto someone via email is cutting edge, at least for me.I haven't gotten into the picture or video noting as yet but will go boldly forward once I'm on solid ground with the basic Note II functions.  Depending on your time and investment of same in learning the device, I would caution to go slowly because there is so much the Note II can do and be in your life so it makes little sense to go at warp speed in attempting to wrestle it to the mat and declare yourself the champion of all that is Note II in a day or two.  Maybe you can do it but that's not me.Summing up, you'll be astounded and thrilled with the Note II!  I am.", 'I like this phone, the one function it does not have it the sleep/wake.  it takes great pictures. The clarity and the function to change the font is great.', 'These are great phones, for those who like a larger format (great for vision impaired husband).  Lots of functionality and easier to use than his blackberry.  A great bargain, especially with Amazon pricing.', 'The phone is great for professionals on the go who need to take notes, great access to email, and other essentials functions. I am so glad I chose this phone. A Con is the power button on the side, it is not in a good location.']