['These work great', 'Takes Some Time but Works', 'NOT FOR THE LG-E970', 'Great product', "wasn't hapoy", 'Worked great!', 'Very nice', 'Works for my application', 'Clear Screen Protectors', "Can't be the price", 'So many']
[5.0, 4.0, 5.0, 5.0, 2.0, 5.0, 5.0, 4.0, 4.0, 4.0, 5.0]
['I bought this for the smaller version of this phone and when I realized these were to big, it was ok because I was able to cut them easy and fit to size. Easy to apply.', "When it works its good but getting this protrector on perfectly took some patience. I would much prefer one that uses water to help with moving the plastic into position on the screen. The first one i tried didn't work and I was so frustrated by that attempt that I decided to just go without.  I tried again after a day or so and on the second try it worked perfectly.  So far it has been on my phone 4 weeks and it performs and cleans up well.", 'I am one of the dumb idiots who thought these would work for my LG Optimus from ATT. Sure enough, they are very different and do not fit the ATT model, which is the LG-E970. But I give it 5 stars because I got the same ones for the ATT version and they work great.', 'This keeps my phone working and smug free from grease and other  mess. I like the fact that it can be cleaned with out problems.', 'The item I ordered was not what I expected you have to apply 2 protectors n then they started peeling off. I think I will look elsewhere for screen protection.', "I love these covers!  They worked wonderfully on my husband's phone!  He loves it and I am sooo glad for him!", "Me and my husband have the same phones and since this item has five screen protectors, it's awesome, I only needed to buy one and it keeps my phone clean and no scratches. Love it.", 'Bought these to help protect screen of an upgraded phone.  I had to trim the first protector a little so that none of it was hanging off the edge.  Able to apply quite easily.  No instructions are included but you can find that on youtube.  Pretty straghtforward application though.', 'Used only one so far, was easy to apply, but was unable to get 2-3 bubbles off from the sides.  Will still use this screen until has some wear and tear.', "With a 5-pack, I was able to get the first one wrong with backups. A little glare and smudging, but clear and tolerable. I really needed a &#34;case-friendly&#34; version of my Zagg, but they don't make one for my phone to match with the case I want to use so I will stick with this screen protector for now. Will end up trimming one down to a more case-friendly version for another case I have.", 'Really good deal, got enough of them for a year. Bought them for my father who gets charge $7 for a single one on a phone store!']