["It's a good fit, and the material is just flexible enough to get it on.  Docked it 1 star because it is not flexible enough on the side where the buttons are.  I have to press really hard to wake the phone or adjust the volume.  Docked it another star because I couldn't plug in my headphones all the way until I got my pocketknife out and widened the hole around the jack.It is quite inexpensive, and worth it.", "Some people complained that the case doesn't fit well.  Some  even complain that they have to trim some plastic for proper use of various functions.  I can only attest to the fact that my JKase Black for Nokia Lumia 925 fits my Lumia 925 better than anticipated.I put the button side on first as previous reviewers mentioned, and with my fingers, carefully stretched the two opposite corners on.  The microphone, speaker, charging, 3.5 mm, camera lens and LED ports line up perfectly.  There is no port for the SIM card holder, and that's good.  The volume, power and camera buttons are fully functional and less apt to be accidently operated.  Although, the camera button has to be pushed rather firmly to activate the camera.  However, once the camera is active, it is easily depressed to take a shot.All in all, I'm tickled pink!  Now my slippery 925 is better than ever.", 'Good quality...This case fits perfectly on my Nokia 925, the sides are rugged for a firm grip also looks good on the phone.', "I've had cases of this type for various phones. They all had one thing in common, they never fit exactly. There was always a gap somewhere. This is the first case I've had that fits exactly. Good job!", 'The thin strip at the bottom mentioned in so many other reviews is an annoyance. Aside from that the case would be ok except that it casts a bluish hue over any pic taken where the flash is used.', "Looks great and fits snug.  Very nice feel and it doesn't take away from the sleek design.  Still 'pocket-size' thin.  Great value and feels as though it will last awhile.", "The case itself work fine. The problem is when you take take low-light pictures that they show up hazy. I think it's because the case is transparent that somehow the light is bouncing or reflecting of the case when it's coming back to the camera sensor. It kindda defeats purpose having Pureview on the Lumia 920.", 'I knew it was a soft cover, I did not realize just how soft it is. It has been sitting in my desk drawer ever since I bought it, thank goodness I usually buy more than one case at a time just in preparation for such a disappointment. So needless to say this case did not meet my expectations to say the least.']