["My Ipjone 4 battery was degrading, so I chose this case rather than bite the bullets for a new factory battery. It works great. Now I don't have to charge my phone every day.  Shipped fast, too.  Love it.", "update: doesn't even charge anymore, the connector gave out, i have to bend and wiggle the wire around like its a 99cent store trisonic productthe case does  not still put to battery connector,flimsy and can easily become disconnected from phone, use lose the benefits. the extra battery. The charger is also flimsy and easily disconnected.I am also having issues with how much the battery actually provided, seems to have be significantly dwindled. but it could be my error, but if not will return", "So far so good!  I bought this as a surprise for my wife whose iPhone 4 battery is not lasting as long as she would like.  She loves this case.  She likes that it has a simple snap-on case when she wants a smaller case and a battery backup when she wants the extra power.  Both are designed to look like they could have been bought separately (by that I mean either just the snap-on or both together.  Just wearing the battery portion would look silly :p )The button and the lights do look less expensive than my mophie, but at $25 vs $90 is IS less expensive.  We're happy with it.  I don't know how well it will last over time or how well it will survive different falls, bumps, etc, but so far we recommend it.", "This case is one of the cheapest priced I have ever seen on the market but yet has the best quality above all of others. I don't normally see a quality case like this for only 20 bucks.I suggest you guys don't waste time searching, just buy this one before the price raises, this might be a new brand and they are doing low pricing at the moment.", "don't buy if you want to take phone in/out of case...very hard to take out....doesn't seem to hold charge well either", "Bought this for my husband's iphone since I bought a similar white one, same brand and haven't had any issues. This one, the charger stopped recharging after 6 weeks of having it when phone was attached, than it stopped charging when trying to just charge the charger.", 'Got this a week ago, been using it daily, the quality is great, have to love the extra juice it gives. Great case!', "Looks great and worked good for two weeks but now it doesn't charge my phone.  The unit itself is fully charged as indicated by the blue lights but plugging in my phone does nothing.  Seems the 30 pin adapter is broken.", 'I think my favorite thing about this case is the fact that there are so many colors to choose from. It&#8217;s great that I can change the color of my case for another, but still be able to use the same battery case. I don&#8217;t have to spend a lot of money on accessorizing my phone. The color I bought is really cute and fits well with the battery case. I have had the case for a little while now and it seems to last. The battery inside is also great at powering my phone. Great product!', 'This is an excellent product. It is the second one we have purchase. It is a great alternative then trying to change the battery in the iPhone. It extends the life of the battery for at least four hours. We have 2 and charge both up on long trips.', 'I always have some sort of warranty on my iPhone but I have been searching for a case that is verythin but adds no bulk to the phone. Basically only to keep it from scratching. I hate that you cantsee the apply sign on most cases. This one hit both nails on the head. The snap on caseEXTREMELY THIN and shows the apple sign on the back. When you need the battery, just snap iton and ready to go, very nice concept.', "The micro USB charging port finally broke loose and will not charge.  For weeks it was loose, having to fiddle with the cord position to get it to charge. Looks like it doesn't matter since it's not for sale as it once was.  I'm sure it is called something else now and packaged to be a sub-par product that can't last a year under normal use.", 'This is a great case...it feels substantial and it provides double battery, whatis not to love! I have not had any problems with this case...Great product! Iusually leave the battery pack aside when I don&#8217;t need the battery. Reallygreat product.', "Maxboost has a no questions asked customer support that will make you a happy customer!I had originally purchased a previous model of this boost case, which had a minor flaw - camera hole was obstructing the flash and pictures would have a white gaze. When i contacted customer support I was told that a new Maxboost hybrid is coming out, which will fix this issue and I would have two choices, either get a refund or swap my case with the new one.The wait was worthwhile and after receiving my replacement I couldn't be happier!", 'Very satisfied, Would buy again,Dont know why I did not try this before, My iphone 4 goes all day without charging, streaming bluetooth all day!!!!! Very satisfied, Would buy again, as advertised', 'Very nice case and arrived very quickly. Makes phone easy to hold, Only down side I have seen is that it takes a charge very slowly. Takes at least 6 hours for a full charge but it does last the whole day.', "the fit is not the best I've seen. The case seems sturdy, and I like the way it attaches to the phone.", "I love the pink color and how it snaps on and off really easy. It does help with the charge but it seems to not last as long as I thought it would. If I snap it on when my iPhone battery is charged, next thing I know the attachment battery is dead even though I have not even used the phone. Not sure if the iPhone sucks it dry even though it is fully charged...??? I am just not gonna put it on the phone unless I need it. Other than that it really has a nice shape. It has a bit of weight to it which I like cause it lays in your hand a lot better and you are less likely to drop it. I have the pink and white one and a white iPhone and even though they built the black cover into the flash opening, I am getting a fog on the pictures when using the flash. This is a known issue with the white iPhone and it was a nice try for them to eliminate it by adding the black cover, but it really doesn't help :-(. it's not as bad when I only have the pink cover on without the battery attached, but the flash seems to reflect off the white battery and white iPhone and cause the fog like picture. -- I got the blue and white cover for my husband. Unfortunately it's not really blue :-( more a turquoise color. He also has the flash issues when the battery is attached. He used to have to charge the phone in his car half way through the day while at work and now at least he can just charge the battery when it is empty in the car and still have the phone on him. By the time the phone is about dead he can snap the battery back on and be good to go till he gets home. :) so overall it's ok. I will switch to the galaxy soon and then the hubby will have 2 extra batteries so no money wasted. ;)"]