['just right', 'VERY SATISFIED!', 'Nice Little Case', 'Very nice!', 'NEEWER Black Leather Folio Pouch Case Cover for Apple iPhone 5 5G 5th', 'Very Classy case', "It's okay", 'Great case', 'Not even  close to lether', 'Slim fit.  Works.']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0, 3.0, 5.0]
['small enough to be comfortable. sturdy enough to provide a little protection. eight more words required four more words required.  this is silly short answeres whoudl be ok', 'VERY SATISFIED! This case works very well with my iPhone 5. I use this case only at work to protect my iPhone. I highly recommend this case.', 'Purchased for my i5, looks good and does the job. Love the fact I can talk with case close. Good buy.', "Thin and light.  Offers some protection to the corners of the phone.  So far its good.  I haven't had it long enough to know about how durable it will be.", 'i could never get enough of these flip covers ..this one is a good one for the price...might be buying another for back up soon.', 'I brought this for my brother and he is a professional person so I wanted something very cool and classy...This case is what i was looking for .....simply loving it............Useful case and very light too....', "This case is nice for the dollar you're going spend. Do not expect an amazing case that is made out of gold or top brand material because you are only paying a dollar, so. If you really don't want a case like this that is high prices this is probably a good case for you. The magnet on the case is little, enough to keep it closed and the inside is kind of soft. Overall not a bad product that only cost a dollar.", 'THis case is perfect with the iphone 5 great fit and looks snazzy too.  It is way better than getting one of those expensive ones through your carrier.', 'I like the case. How ever it is not leather or even close to leather. I m not upset at this buy, nut do know that it is not leather or even close to leather.', '1.  Snug fit.2.  Feels nice.3.  Protects screen4.  Looks professional.5.  The magnet close actually works.6.  Good price.7.  Had it only a short time...and still working ok....I thought it would pull apart, but I was wrong.I just keep in my jeans pocket, in and out all day long and it hangs in there8.  Hit concrete 2x and 2x hit hardwood.  It actually prevented scratches to the phone corners.  I have no illusions about this being very minimal protection.  Still it did help.']