['Flush mount design', 'Inexpensive way to share power and charge devices on the go', 'A very good accessory to keep in the car!', 'just what i was looking for', 'Small body, big charges', 'Unobtrusive design; works well', 'What You Should Know Before You Buy!', 'A very handy reliable device', 'Mini USB automobile charger', 'Compact and works perfectly for me', 'Charges my Kindle Fire and iPhone at the same time']
[5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 5.0]
["What I really like about the ARCTIC Dual USB Charger is the flush mount design. It sits very flushed to the 12V socket instead of sticking out an inch or two like most other ones. Since I use a 4 way 12 Volt socket splitter, any chargers that stick out I am always bumping into and knocking them out. This one I don't have to worry about knocking out.Being that it has two ports which it works great for simultaneously charging and powering tablets and lower power hungry gadgets like cellphones, digital cameras, GPS units, etc. One port is labeled at 2.1A which is perfect for tablets like iPads or Kindles, and the other is 1.0A which works for cellphones and lower amperage charging devices.I would definitely recommend this unit to anyone who needs to charge or power more than one USB devices while on the road.Comes with a two-year warranty.Sample supplied for review purposes.", "This is a well built, inexpensive adapter for the cigarette lighter port in your car which enables you to charge two devices via USB with associated cords (not included). The 3.1A total means that the two USB ports (one at 2.1A and the other at 1.0A) share a circuit.  So if you're charging one item that draws significantly more power, expect the other USB port to be under powered or not working at all during the charging of the other device.For some, that shared circuit will be an issue.  At this low price, it's no big deal to me. I find it charges my iPhone 4S and my daughter's iPod touch while we are on the road, which is what I wanted it to do.  It wouldn't be ideal for charging my iPad, but it would eventually get the job done.2 Year Limited Warranty!NOTE: I received this product from the manufacturer in exchange for an honest, unbiased review.", "Great accessory to have in your car.We have another usb car charger and this works the same way.You have a dual port for charging any usb device.  We have Android phones and tablets and this is definitely something we keep in the car for your trips.Don't make the mistake of thinking that you have an accessory that will quickly charge two almost empty devices fast.  It will re-charge an almost empty cellphone to near full capacity on a 45-minute ride home when the phone screen is shut off and your not playing any media from it.If you try to plug 2 devices you see a dramatic decrease in charge capacity especially if that other device is a tablet.If you're going on a long road trip take this along as well as an external battery pack.", 'have tried it out a bunch of times now. i plug my android into the 2 slot and she plugs her iphone into the 1. both charge very quickly even when both are plugged in. low profile is great. highly recommend', "I love that this tiny car charger does more than many:  That being it is one of the great ones that charges 2 items at once. And with today's electronics all needing a charge, during any long car trip you will find the use in this.I have a GPS, Ipod, iphone, ipad, Kindle...there is always something needing charging especially during vacations and this allows me to at least take 2 to do at once rather than one at a time.I found charges to be swift, easy, simple, just switching out the needed cords to make it happen rather than having to have all different chargers.Even if kept as a spare charger in the glove box if one stops working, the small footprint of this handy little charger is convenient and handy.With a 2 year warranty, I also don't have to worry about it giving out--and at the low price it is at the time of this review, that works for me.Charger provided by Arctic.  Review is my honest and unbiased opinion.", "I usually prefer the larger in-car charging adapters since they are easier to insert and remove from the car's power port. The downside is that they look rather ungainly when installed and, depending on where the power port is located in the car, can get in the way.This design, however, is pretty effective at keeping itself hidden while retaining the ability to be removed easily. It has an wide edge that provides a grip point to remove it.The build quality seems pretty good. The USB ports are well-anchored and don't wiggle even when an attached cord is stressed. The dual ports are pretty close together, but I was able to plug in a variety of USB cables (even ones with thicker casings) without any problem. It grips the power port securely. Note that only port #1 is 2.1A. The other port is only 1A.It does not have an indicator light that shows that it is working. That's not a negative for me since I prefer not having an indicator, especially at night, but it's noted for those who like a visual confirmation that the adapter is active.Nice compact design that remains easy to use. No complaints at all.[sample provided for review]", "I was provided a ARCTIC 3.1A Dual USB Car Charger for testing and review and was asked only to give my honest review, so this is what I found.What You Should Know Before You Buy:&#9830; This thing is very tiny. It only sticks out of your car's charging outlet about 1/4 inch.  You can barely see it.&#9830; Has two ports for a total of 3.1A output (a 1.0A port and a 2.1A port).&#9830; Fast charging speeds for charging two devices concurrently, including an iPad.&#9830; Very compact for travel if you need to take a car charger with you on trips (renting a car at your destination for example).Detailed Review:&#9830; Look - The product came in a hanging display package with product information on the inside card. Folded inside the card was a basic one page instruction sheet.  You see right away that this charger is tiny.  It is by far the smallest high Amp dual USB car charger that I have ever tested.  It has two USB ports on the front, a 1.0A port and a 2.1A port, for a total of 3.1A output.  It appears to have a very nice build quality.&#9830; Installation - As with any car charger, you basically just plug the unit into you car's charging outlet. Once plugged in, I noticed that the fit was very tight and wouldn't easily fall out of the outlet. This charger makes my normal car charger look giant.  My Pathfinder's charging outlets are on the side of the passenger area where a knee can easily bump the charger. This much smaller charger gives the passenger a little more leg room in my vehicle.&#9830; Use and Performance - Once installed, I did some basic tests to see how the ARCTIC car charger handles various charging situations. During my work commute, I took my iPhone 5 that had 56% charge remaining and I did a stand alone test using both ports for 10 minutes each. Both ports increased the charge on my phone by 10% in ten minutes or 1% per minute, which is a great result, and really amazing for how small this charger is. I then tried out the charging of my iPad 2 in the 2.1A port that is built for tablet type devices and the iPad indicated immediately that it was able to charge with the ARCTIC car charger and had no problem charging up. Another great result.Conclusion:Overall, this is an amazing 3.1A Dual USB Car Charger with a solid build and a tiny form factor.  It takes up so little room in your car that you probably won't even notice it.  The unit looks great and performs very well. If you are looking for a tiny high-powered dual port USB car charger, this one is a great choice. Highly Recommended!", 'What can be said about something as necessary these days as a car charger for Smartphone except that this particular one from ARCTIC is small, practically visually disappears when plugged into the car (a good thing), has two ports for charging both a Smartphone (Apple, Samsung, HTC, Nokia, Sony, LG, ZTE and Huawei) and a tablet through two visible USB ports, and has a 3.1 A output. Add the fact that it has built in safety features (short-circuit, over-current and over-voltage protection) and that it comes with a 2 year warranty make this affordable little device something that can be kept in all the vehicles of the family or of fellow office workers &#8211; stocking stuffers at the top of the list. Grady Harp, December 13', "This little dual port USB car charger is the tiniest one I've seen, with a clean, streamlined design that fits securely in the cigarette lighter port and blends into the dashboard as if it were part of it.There are two USB ports, one for 2.1 A devices and one for 1.0 A devices; total power output is 3.1 A, which not all automobile chargers have. What's funny is the port labelled &#34;1&#34; is 2.1 A and port &#34;2&#34; is 1.0 A! The higher power port is for faster charging of most Apple devices and tablets and some other smartphones; the 1.0 A port is for other compatible devices. They both can be used at the same time.Arctic provided a sample for testing and unbiased review. This USB auto charger has a compact design and works as claimed so I confidently recommend it. It is also backed by a two-year warranty against manufacturing defects and excellent customer service.", 'I like to disclose up front when I am provided with a review sample, which is the case here. My testing was with a Samsung Galaxy Note II phone and an iPhone 4S, and I used the console aux lighter plug in a 2008 Mazda 3. I mention these factors because some reviews complained about slow or poor charging. Some of those issues can stem from the electrical source itself.For me I plugged my Note II into port 2, which is only rated at 1 amp and the iPhone into the 2.1 amp port. I took this approach because my Note II has a giant battery and I did not need to closely watch my battery consumption. Both devices charged up from about 90 percent to 100 on a 45 minute trip. The Galaxy was in constant use as an MP3 player and the iPhone was used by my passenger for texting and talking. No issues on either count.Physically this is the smallest charging port I own. On the plus side it is totally sealed, so there should be no issues with internal electrical deterioration, which is important in my area because of my proximity to the Atlantic Ocean. On the minus side, the internal fuse cannot be swapped out if it blows. That makes this disposable.I love the fact that it has an overload protection mode that shuts down the charger if overloaded. You reset it by simply unplugging it and replugging it. The two ports are rated at 2.1 and 1.0 amps respectively and according to my testing does, in fact, have a combined output of 3.1 amps. Do note that some USB devices will NOT work with this charger. I know that there are some models of Samsung tablets that will not, and you should make sure that your device will work with a standard micro USB adapter that has 12 volts at 1 amp input into the charger and 5 volts at either 1 or 2.1 amps out. This charger will support iPhone and iPad fast charging, and the iPhone claim was tested and passed in my evaluation.Other things I like are the way that the ports have sufficient separation to accommodate every cable I tried. Some dual chargers are so closely spaced that a thick USB end will sometimes block the use of a second cable. I tried a pair of cables I nicknamed Beast 1 and Beast 2 and both fit, albeit a little snugly.', "This Arctic Dual USB Car Charger has a total output of 3.1 AMP from two USB ports. It will charge my iPhone 4S and Kindle Fire at the same time and does so pretty quickly. Since it has the Short-Circuit, Over Voltage/Current Safety Feature I don't have to worry about leaving it plugged in for my whole trip. lt supports fast charge on my iPhone which is the device I'm usually charging in the car. I always keep it plugged in when I'm using Maps or other GPS apps since they really seem to use up battery power. Using this charger, when I get to where I'm going with the GPS, I still have a fully charged battery. Another thing I really like about this charger is it's compact size. It's small enough to carry around in my jeans pocket (even the tight ones)!"]