["I've bought other Belkin car chargers from Amazon that were FAKE, but this one was genuine.  I have been using it in my car and have not had trouble with it so far.  I would buy this product again.", "Works Great. Is reliable with solid construction. Has good reach. But...the cord has no coil and gets tangled. Worse, the lightning plug is too wide and doesn't fit the opening on my gel case or my hard case. It does fit my slim case, but only because that one doesn't cover the bottom. I'm not unhappy with it, but be aware of the drawbacks before making a purchase.", "I wasn't sure if this would fit my iPhone 5 but it did.  It works great. The packaging was also fast and clean.", "The charger works exactly as advertised and expected, but in 2013 for $30 one can expect a few basic circa 20th century features - check out 'cons' below.Pros:* Solid feel to the product. Well built and sturdy parts - charger, cable and lightning connector* Slim profile charger that fits flush and does not get in the way* Fast charging - almost as fast as a wall charger. Approx 2.5 hours for a full charge* Well designed lightning connector fits most cases without any issue (check images above)Cons:* Pricey at $30* For $5 more, this charger is available in a modular formatBelkin F8J078bt04-BLK Car Charger with Lightning 8-Pin Connector to USB Cable (2.1 Amp) - Retail Packaging - Black-- Charger with a lightning cable that would be useful for non-lightning devices - which, in my family outnumber lightning devices 10 to 1. Luckily, I have another outlet in the car where I have a dual USB charger to accommodate the other devices. In 2013, we should be thinking optimization, efficiency and re-usability!* The charger has a Green LED that remains on when the charger is connected. It seems inefficient to power the gremlins. I have old USB car chargers that turn-off when a device is not plugged in, light up Red when charging and Green when fully charged - I paid less than $10 for those chargers* For a car, I prefer a coiled cable like this one, just keeps things compact -Griffin Tech PowerJolt SE Coiled Lightning Car Charger for iPhone 5, Touch 5G, Nano 7G", "Belkin quality as expected - company package & works well.  Charges my iPhone quickly in the car.  I'm glad to not have to carry my cord back & forth any longer"]