['Pro:GREAT, FANTASTIC, wonderful hardware design.I love the live tilesPersonalizing my Lock screen was also fun too!!32gb of space!!!!And the phone charged up really fast  :)Con:Battery could be betterA little heavyA little slipperyKinda big', 'I have been an iPhone user for the longest time and even after the release of multiple Samsung product releases, I was unimpressed. What switched me over finally was this incredible phone. Wireless charging, a SLR like camera, NFC, and a slick new operating system. This is the phone to buy. You will not regret it.', 'This is an amazing phone and a great value.  Windows Phone is a smooth, seamless operation, and this was the original flagship for Windows Phone 8.  It still hold up fine- excellent screen, spacious keyboard, and useful tools.  From Kids Corner (which allows parents to set up a kid friendly portion of their phone), Rooms (allows users to share posts, calanders and events), Mobile Office and top end music and mapping services built in.  You just cannot go wrong.  Easy to set up, learn,and personalize.  I cannot endorse this enough.', 'This is a great device with an excellent operating system. My son whom I bought this one for loves it.', 'I current use an iPhone 5 and upgraded my Galaxy Nexus to this Nokia 920. The phone is solid and while it\'s heavier than other similar smartphones - they weight has not been an issue and I don\'t notice it in day to day use.Most of the issue with the phone seems to be around the Windows Phone 8 operating system. Bluetooth is somewhat problematic in that if you\'re paired listening to music or podcasts and receive an incoming SMS the phone announces it and then often drops the connection. When you try to restart the song the connection is completely silent unless you switch to another song then back.I find the call quality to be good. Some have noted that the ear volume is not very high. I\'ve not been in a noisy environment where I can test it fully but so far no problems.Camera seems very good. I would not buy this phone solely for the camera though as it\'s not significantly better than most other top smartphones like iPhone 5 or Samsung.Battery life seems a little short and I\'ve read quite a few reports that are all over the place ranging from "I only get a few hours of battery " to "I have 20% battery left at midnight when I go to bed". I\'m not sure what to make of this but perhaps some is due to whether people are connecting email that is constantly polling versus setting accounts to retrieve mail hourly or every two hours. Other battery issues could be due to apps that are running amok.Overall I\'m pleased with this phone. The Windows Phone 8 platform will hopefully grow and mature.']